         THE CONTROLLED REMOTE VIEWING MANUAL
                   ORIGINAL DATED MAY 1, 1986
                  POSTED PUBLICLY JULY 5, 1998

          USED AS A REFERENCE MANUAL FOR CRV TRAINING
               USED AS A MANUAL FOR TRV TRAINING

                     AN HISTORICAL DOCUMENT

       CONTENTS OF THIS SECTION OF THE FIREDOCS WEB SITE:
     Notes from PJ Gaenir on the posting of the CRV manual.
The copyright/credit page which is part of the original manual.

An introduction to the CRV Manual by Paul H. Smith [Major, ret.].
      Notes from Ingo Swann regarding the copyright et al.

                  (START HERE TO READ IT ALL)
                         THE CRV MANUAL
                           Title Page
                       Table of Contents
                          Introduction
                             Theory
                           Structure
                            Stage I
                            Stage II
                           Stage III
                            Stage IV
                            Stage V
                            Stage VI
                            Glossary
                      Ending Notes from PJ


                           NEXT PAGE

                                                                 ABOUT THE CRV MANUAL

Notes from PJ about the CRV Manual posted at the Firedocs web site.

Where I got this manual
The legitimacy of this manual
The accuracy of this version of the manual
The current state of or use of this manual
Changes in or notes about the online version of this manual
The six good reasons why I decided to post this manual
My own view on the manual
Copyright issues

                The Coordinate Remote Viewing Manual

  Before anything else, I want to say: This manual does not, and cannot, replace
 personal instruction in the psychic methodology of Controlled Remote Viewing.
 There is context and unique-to-you situations that could never be addressed in
                                any mass-marketed form.

 Those interested in obtaining CRV training from a legitimate instructor (former members
of the US Gov't RV project who were Viewers and instructors in that project) may contact
   Paul H. Smith at RVIS (Texas USA), or Lyn Buchanan at P>S>I (New Mexico USA) for
                                      more information.

Where I got this manual:

    I have six copies of this document on my desk. One has a simple typed cover and a
copyright page. One has a "Psi-Tech" cover and a copyright page. Another two have
Psi-Tech covers and no copyright page. And the other three have a large "CRV" cover with
no copyright page. [Later note: OK, that's seven. Whoops!] These were sent me by an
assortment of people; another dozen people offered me copies, which I didn't need. I
have refused to name my sources of the manual, mostly because I feel it is irrelevent, and
also because it would only be used as leverage for those who don't believe it should be
public to hassle those who provided it. The original version from the military unit is the
simple typed cover with the copyright page included. Whether there were previous or
alternate versions within that unit, I don't know.

The legitimacy of this manual:

    I am certain this is the manual written in and used in the former Army intelligence
unit which utilized remote viewing. Individuals from the unit familiar with it have
confirmed this either by comparing contents (page numbers/topics) with their own
versions, or by glancing at it and telling me it was indeed the same document. Its
accuracy concerning CRV, concerning Swann's own interpretation of CRV, its usefulness as
a training document, and other issues are beyond my knowledge or comment.

The accuracy of this version of the manual:

    I typed this manual in from scratch, despite that a few people had scanned copies. I
wanted to be sure I learned everything in it that I might not already be aware of, and I
better remember what I type. It is possible there may be typos in here somewhere.
Spelling, word and hyphenation choices, were not of my doing; I copied this as faithfully
as I could, and went to great effort even to format it as exactly matching the original as

possible. If you find errors, please send me email and tell me so I can fix them. See also
'Changes in or notes about the online version of this manual,' below.

The current state of or use of this manual:

    Paul Smith (Remote Viewing Instructional Services, Inc. [RVIS]) uses this document
as a reference manual; his training manual is a gradually built notebook made up of the
student's notes, essays and sessions (which is to say, RVIS doesn't really have its own
training manual).
    Ed Dames (Psi-Tech Corp.) has been using this document as a training manual for
CRV since 1989 and for his "TRV" since the term first appeared in mid-1996.
    Caveat: I am aware that Mr. Dames now teaches "TRV," not CRV. TRV being, in his
own words, "Not CRV" and "unlike anything else," is said to have "existed for 13 years"
and "begins where CRV left off" and many other comments to that effect. TRV is Mr.
Dames's much-publicized "invention." It has been very publicly claimed to be unique and
superior to CRV, and even a great deal of insult has been heaped on instructors and
students of CRV as having "inferior" methods. So, I realize that inferring Mr. Dames is
really teaching CRV might cause some offense. I cannot explain the circumstance, nor can
I explain why TRV as publicly released via videotape is very close to exactly like CRV,
excepting some simplifications apparently added to facilitate teaching via video. This is
really not my affair. I can only tell you that this CRV manual has been used as a basis of
"TRV" instruction until the present time.
    Lyn Buchanan (Problems>Solutions>Innovations [P>S>I]) has developed his own
CRV manual based on these methods and doesn't use this particular manual in his
training, though he may use it for reference on occasion.
    I don't know of any other instructors who use this. However, since all Psi-Tech
students for some time have gotten a copy of it, as well as various members of the public
some years ago, it is entirely possible that many "new schools of RV" are using it to one
degree or another.

Changes in or notes about the online version of this manual:

(1) I included the page numbers in the table of contents, but they do not apply in this
HTML version.
(2) There is a glossary at the end of this document. The glossary contains a summary of
the word definitions provided in each of the sections of the manual. For some reason not
every word definition in the manual was included in the glossary. For ease of reference, I
included EVERY word definition, as provided in the manual, as part of the glossary. So,
that section is a bit more extensive than the original.

The six good reasons why I decided to post this manual:

1. The claims by others to have invented something which, in fact, Ingo Swann invented.
Not only did he not get credit for what is rightfully his, but his own methods were taken
and renamed, with some loss of quality, and then sold to an unsuspecting public. Even
history was revised to make this possible. This struck me as quite unfair, both to Mr.
Swann and to those interested in Remote Viewing. I thought if the original manual were
available, it would be immediately obvious that certain people claiming to have invented
these methods are, in fact, not telling the truth.

2. The claims by others to be using and/or teaching the CRV methods -- or a newly named
derivation of them -- when in fact the later methods presented range from "not doing
justice to the original" to "deeply offensive to the original form." Most seriously
overcharged the general public, who really had no way of knowing the quality (or lack
thereof) of what they were learning. I thought if the original manual were available, it
would be immediately obvious just what has been changed, and how, and then students
working on any method of RV can decide if those changes helped, harmed, or didn't

matter.

3. The strongest of all of my reasons is the continuing and truly frightening cultism
associated with the remote viewing field. The nature of the methods being a secret has
been the primary sponsor and excuse for this to continue. The "doctrinization" of the
methods has created a belief system about them being a rigid end-to-themselves. Groups
and schools have, for an inordinate amount of money usually, recruited members of the
public impressed by the military history of CRV, and put them in an environment which
amounts to little more than cult indoctrination and has nothing whatsoever to do with any
aspect of CRV which inspired the public's potential respect. I have spent quite a bit of
personal time via email, telephone and in person, counseling individuals who had personal
problems as a result of these various cults or simply bad training -- some from the
paranoid nature of the groups, some from psyche problems caused during a creative form
of 'training' better seen as hypnotic induction to bizarre belief systems, and some simply
dealing with issues that badly affected their RV abilities by putting their psychology in
various cognitive dissonance situations. It is more than unfair, and more than just
unethical; it ought to be illegal. The only way I have to combat this dangerous seduction
of the public in the name of RV is to make the supposed secrets available to the public,
who should no longer have to risk their money or their sanity simply to find out what RV
methods really are.

4. To allow certain facets of remote viewing history, development and methodology
understanding to become more clear, not only to RV students but to the general public.
Persons familiar with the developments in scientific parapsychology, for instance, will
recognize that a good deal of the CRV methodology is based on the work of French
researcher Rene Warcollier from the mid-1900's; it was certainly not "invented" in the
1980's. (The CRV methods are better referred to as "compiled.") Some may also
recognize that many of CRV's most valuable components, such as the communication
issues, are also fairly well known to parapsychologists and well educated psychics
worldwide; again, most of these things were not invented in the 1980's. Ingo Swann,
being insightful and accomplished in this field, recognized the value of many different
sources and combined them in his methods; this combination of sources is one of the
strengths of his methods. Not everybody is aware of this though, and others who deserve
credit are often overlooked in the assumption that Swann invented it all.

There are two main results of this understanding: the first being to un-guru-ize Mr.
Swann, who is a brilliant and dedicated psychic, author and researcher who never asked
to be made into a stone icon by the world at large for this; there are a long list of reasons
to respect him without projecting things he is not responsible for upon him. Also,
hopefully, to un-guru-ize other persons who may be teaching these methods, which
should help with reason #3 above. The second result is the realization that, since many of
the most useful aspects of CRV are known to others and have in fact been known for
longer periods than CRV itself has existed, then these methods, albeit very useful, cannot
claim sole expertise or sole competence when it comes to successful psi work. The
supposed superiority of anybody trained in RV methods, vs. "natural psychics," is a
marketing and ego myth and nothing more.

5. I feel that remote viewing--particularly what it can be used for, with what success, and
the value of methods training--has been grossly misrepresented in the media. Remote
Viewing itself has very pronounced limitations. To the public who knows nothing of the
"technology," it sounds cosmic, and one is forced to pay large sums of money to learn the
secret methods just to figure out what is actually involved -- almost invariably with no
evidence whatsoever of the value of the methods prior to paying for them. (In fact, the
main advertisements for RV are the notable accomplishment of a current remote viewer
[Joseph W. McMoneagle] who does not even USE these methods.) I think after reading
this manual people will realize that CRV / TRV / all the other RVs are, first and foremost,
just somebody's way of going about being psychic. No method has even half the inferred

accuracy, sureness, or cosmic clarity that various RV methods have been advertised as
having. I happen to have respect for CRV, but I realize it is just one path of many.

As a side note, this manual will also make clear the humorous ostentatiousness of the
presentation of these methods: "facilitate a movement exercise" means, in effect,
someone told you to look some distance to the left. "Iterate the coordinates and acquire
the signal line while remaining in structure" translates to something like, 'monitor says the
target #, viewer tunes in and writes down his impressions on the right side of the paper.'
It really is comical once you understand CRV, to hear certain individuals in the media
talking about RV methodologies, making them sound so incredibly complicated and
high-tech; it is a sales pitch, used to obscure, not clarify. Personally I think remote
viewing can only benefit from taking this sort of mystery out of the methods.

6. The last--but a very small--reason I'm putting this manual online has to do with my
own personal involvement with CRV methodologies and remote viewing. I have invested a
good 60+ hours per week into RV-related work for nearly three years, mostly email
communication with the public, most to support CRV and support its instructors. I have
maintained the privacy of the methods, giving only "tips and tidbits." I have avoided
training others because I made the commitment not to. Over the course of these years I
have directed well over $100,000 in training monies to CRV instructors, directly or
indirectly via my online enterprises of various kinds, as well as providing them support in
other ways. In return for this, I have been offered and paid the commission of zero. At
this point, I feel I have more than "paid my dues." So, guilt at taking potential students
away from qualified CRV instructors isn't bothering me. I believe serious students will
recognize the need for personal training. Everybody else, or those without the funds,
probably wouldn't have bought it anyway. As a second part to the personal section, I feel
I have spent nearly three years "defending" remote viewing from charlatans, cynics, and
dis/mis-information both organized and chaotic. As I am 'retiring' I am not going to be
around to defend RV anymore; to provide an alternative to some of the bizarre media
hype, to provide references to real viewers and scientists, etc.; so in a small way, this
manual is my effort to help stop the BS that is choking the remote viewing field once and
for all. Hopefully it can accomplish what I could not: getting down to earth facts to the
public, without money, without cults, without nonsense.

Considering the first five reasons above, I no longer feel a sense of moral reluctance to
publish the CRV manual. For the good of the world, the public, and remote viewing itself,
these methods need to be put into the public domain. (I will not, however, publish the
other manuals or items used by CRV instructors without their express permission.) Since I
am retiring from "online RV" at this time (4 July 1998) to free up time to pursue my own
RV work, I felt posting this manual would be the one last gift I could provide to the public.
It may not help in the sense of methods training, but it ought to help in the sense of
dealing with the five reasons listed above, and they are very good reasons for making it
available.

It's long overdue.

My own view on the manual:

Though I support CRV, I do not necessarily agree with all aspects of CRV, particularly the
manner some are presented in this manual (this most clear in the issues related to
monitoring). In my view, there is a certain lack of context, and a perspective that
demonstrates its writing by a student rather than an experienced instructor. The manual
may accurately represent what the authors were taught, but I am not sure it is the same
thing that the instructor would have written, and over time my own perspective on "the
approach" within the methods has shifted. I have learned various degrees of various
people's versions of various RV methodologies, and like everybody who has given psi any
real thought, have come to my own conclusions. What works for me is what I use, and

CRV is a part of that, but certainly not the sole or final answer.

I initially had put footnotes in this manual, to help clarify things. But eventually I realized
that in some cases I simply had to disagree with some statement, or something else that
in some way seemed to detract from it. Then I decided, if I have something to say, I have
my own forums for doing so; there is no reason to invade the sanctity of a historical
document with my opinions. And if the manual, sans the footnotes, is totally opaque to
most non-methods people and leaves them more confused than when they began -- well,
that's just the way it goes. Take it up with the guy who wrote it!

Copyright issues:

The copyright of this document is attributed to Ingo Swann. Ingo however denies any
credit for, participation in, or responsibility toward the document or its copyright. I called
him and asked if I could post it. He said it wasn't his and he didn't care. It was written by
Paul H. Smith. Paul however wrote it as a work for hire while employed by the DOD/DIA.
The DIA did not classify the document, which in legal terms puts it in the public domain
(the gov't cannot copyright, they can only classify; unclassified materials are public
record; nobody else can then claim ownership of what began a gov't document). SRI-I
might lay claim to it, as they funded Swann to develop the proprietary methods in it. But
at this point, copies of the document have been disseminated publicly since 1989, which
not only would invalidate any SRI/DIA copyright claim (since they have never prosecuted
for copyright thus far), but in that case, they'd have to start with the main distributor,
which would be Psi-Tech Corp. According to Smith, since the document was a DIA
document but not classified, it has been public record (despite that the public hasn't
before had open access to it) since it was written. It was written and dated 1986.

So, as far as I'm concerned, it is mine to publish if I please.

I realize that this copy will immediately be stolen off the WWW by others, stripped of all
relevent notes, and published elsewhere. That is unfortunate, but there is nothing I can do
about that. I considered putting it in a locked .pdf file, but felt that might limit public
access to it. I have always made a point to make my projects available to the public
without charge and as accessible as possible... I didn't want this to be an exception. For
those of you making links to the document, please be kind enough to your visitors to link
to the version on my Firedocs site, which is the most 'official' copy possible at this point.
Or, at least have the courtesy to include Mr. Swann's own notes with your copy. Thanks.

Palyne "PJ" Gaenir
fire@zmatrix.com

Firedocs Remote Viewing Collection
http://www.firedocs.com/remoteviewing/



                                         NEXT PAGE

                                COORDINATE REMOTE VIEWING


.
                 PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
                            .
                COORDINATE REMOTE VIEWING
                            .


as a comprehensive explanation of the theory and
      The following document has been prepared to serve

mechanics of coordinate remote viewing (CRV) as developed
by SRI-Internatinoal, Menlo Park, California. It is
intended for individuals who have no in-depth
understanding of psychoenergetic technology and as a
guide for future training programs. Particular attention
should be paid to the glossary at the end of the document
and to the terms as defined in the text, as they are the
only acceptable definitions to be used when addressing
the methodology presented. It is suggested that the
document be read several times to enhance understanding.
                            .
NOTE:    INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT IS
         GOVERNED BY CORPORATE LAWS OF PROPRIETY.
         INGO SWANN, AN SRI-INTERNATIONAL
         SUBCONTRACTOR, RETAINS EXCLUSIVE OWNERSHIP
         OF THIS INFORMATION. BEING PROPRIETARY,
         INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN MAY NOT BE
         REPRODUCED OR DISSEMINATED WITHOUT THE
         EXPRESS WRITTEN PERMISSION OF INGO SWANN.
                            .
                 PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
                            .


                       NEXT PAGE

                                                                           ABOUT THE CRV MANUAL

I asked Ingo Swann for copyright permission to post this document. -- PJ

                   The Coordinate Remote Viewing Manual

To which Ingo replied:

       I did not write it.

PJ: But the copyright is credited to you.

       I can't help that.

PJ: Paul Smith says he's the main author, but the methods are yours.

       I have seen it, I don't remember exactly what's in it. It's been re-edited a few
       times by various people to suit their needs. I believe it was a group-written
       document... [it wasn't written by just one person].

PJ: I don't have any way to know if the info in the manual is accurate....?

       {pause...} I wasn't asked to participate in [the writing of] it.

       I found out it existed sometime after.

PJ: Your methods have become a very big deal, high priced, even cults have grown up
around them or versions of them.

       Just because I once played a role in the research, does not mean this role can
       be extended to cover everything that has happened in the field since then.

PJ: I could take the copyright cover off if you think it's misleading.

       If you do that people will say you're editing it.

PJ: You don't mind if I put it on the web?

       I don't care. You can say -- please say this first, then I don't care what is said
       after that -- I did not write it.

       I have never, ever written a document like that.

PJ: OK.

That's what Ingo said about it, in a phone call Sunday, 24 May 1998, 4:15pm
Eastern Time.

I sent this to him and told him if I'd misheard or misunderstood anything to let me know and I'd change it.
That was over a week ago and I haven't heard from him, so I'm assuming it's fine. -- PJ 04 July 98



                                                NEXT PAGE

                                                                 ABOUT THE CRV MANUAL

I asked Paul H. Smith, the main author, to write an introduction for this
document. -- PJ

                The Coordinate Remote Viewing Manual
                      Introduction by Paul H. Smith [Major, ret.]

For a number of what I consider to be very good reasons, I strenuously resisted making
the DIA CRV manual public. Since some of my former colleagues had fewer reservations
about its dissemination, it now appears inevitable that the manual will become widely
available, beginning with its posting here on this webpage. The best I can do now, it
would seem, is to at least provide its context so people will better know how to take it.

In 1983-1984, six personnel from the military remote viewing unit at Ft. Meade
participated in training contracted from SRI-International. This was the
recently-developed coordinate remote viewing training, and the primary developer and
trainer was the legendary Ingo Swann. One of the first trainees, Rob Cowart, was
diagnosed with cancer, and was medically retired from active duty, terminating his
training after only a few months. (Sadly Rob, who had been in remission for many years,
died a year or so ago from the disease.) The second, Tom "Nance" (his pseudonym in Jim
Schnabel's book, Remote Viewers) completed all training through Stage VI as the
proof-of-principle "guinea pig." His results were not just impressive. Some could even be
considered spectacular.

Beginning in January of 1984, the remaining four of us began training with Ingo in
California and New York. This contract lasted for a full year. Ed Dames, "Liam," Charlene,
and myself continued through until December (though Ed dropped out just before
completion due to the birth of a son). We completed through Stage III training with Ingo.
Towards the end of 1984 our patron and commander, Major General Burt Stubblebine was
forced to retire and the RV program was threatened with termination. Consequently, no
further contracts were let for training.

During the course of 1985, our future was very uncertain. However, the branch chief,
together with Fred "Skip" Atwater (the training and operations officer), were hopeful that
the unit would find a sponsor (which indeed happened) and decided to continue our
training through Stage VI, with the help of Nance's experience and considerable
documentation and theoretical understanding that Atwater and others had managed to
accrue.

At the conclusion of our training, and with a number of successful operational and training
projects under out belts to show that CRV really did work, the further decision was made
to try and capture in as pure a form as possible the Ingo methodology. The reasoning was
that we might never get any more out-of-house training approved, yet we needed to be
able to perpetuate the methodology even after the folks with the "institutional memory"
eventually left the unit. I had developed the reputation of being the "word man" in the
unit, plus Skip and the branch chief seemed to think I had a firm understanding and grasp
of the theory and methodology, so I was asked to write a manual capturing as much of
the CRV methodology as possible, with the assistance of the others who had been trained.

We pooled our notes, and I wrote each section, then ran it by the others for their
suggestions and comments. Corrections and suggestions were evaluated and added if it
could be established that they matched true "Ingo theory." Skip and Tom both reviewed
the manuscript and provided their input as well. When the thing was finally done, a copy

was forwarded to Ingo, who deemed it a "comprehensive and accurate document." Finally,
Skip provided a three-page introductory section which it now turns out was apparently
originally drafted by Joe McMoneagle. The finished version was printed at the DIA press in
May 1986. It was a specialty run, and was never given an official DIA document number. I
don't believe any more than thirty or so were printed.

Things to keep in mind about the CRV manual: It wasn't intended as a training manual per
se, and certainly not as a stand alone training manual. It's primary purpose was to
capture and preserve for posterity Ingo's methodology. The very first page declares that it
was "prepared to serve as a comprehensive explanation of the theory and mechanics" of
CRV, and as a "guide for future training programs." We certainly didn't develop it as a
"how to." Since we always assumed any further training to be done would either involve
Ingo or someone who had already been trained, the manual did not incorporate
lessons-learned, nor the practical implementation of CRV in an operational setting, nor
even to explain how one taught people to do CRV, nor why CRV included certain points of
theory and process in its methodological base. There are of course lots of things to be said
about all these points, and we had ambitions at one time of writing a practical hands-on
RV training manual. Unfortunately, events conspired against us and it never happened.

In the hands of someone who understands CRV and already knows what is going on, the
manual can be extremely useful in teaching others to remote view. We used it in the
theory and lecture part of the CRV training of everyone who became a CRVer at the Ft.
Meade unit (the one exception was Lyn Buchanan, whom we taught CRV before the
manual became reality). I have used it exclusively in my commercial training activities
(augmented, of course, by my own experience in training and operations), and I think
most, if not all of my students would confirm the efficacy of this approach. It represents
CRV in its purest form, and any departures from the principles it contains should be
examined at long and hard before they are accepted. There are already a number of
alleged "product improvements" based upon the CRV manual that not only are not
improvements, but if they aren't just changing "happy" to "glad" or adding superfluous
embellishments, may even be outright eviscerations of CRV's principles and effective
methodologies. In considering these "new versions" of CRV methodology, it is definitely a
case of caveat emptor.

I see as a positive benefit of posting the manual that some of the chicanery and
foolishness may finally be unveiled that has been able to persist around derivatives of CRV
because the "bottom line" hasn't until now been available. There are of course those who
will offer as their excuse that this manual represents obsolete technology. My response is
that none of its derivatives have thus far demonstrated anything better--or in most cases
even as good--under similar constraints.

Paul H. Smith

Austin, TX

3 July 1998


                                        NEXT PAGE

.
         C O O R D I N A T E
     R E M O T E   V I E W I N G
                                1 MAY 1986

              NEXT PAGE

               COORDINATE REMOTE VIEWING
                        1 MAY 1986

                      TABLE OF CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION                                              1
             A. General
             B. Background                                2
THEORY                                                    4
             A. Concept
             B. Definitions
             C. Discussion                                5
             D. Levels of Consciousness                   6
             E. Learning Theory                           8
             F. Reference Material                        11
STRUCTURE
             A. Concept
             B. Definitions and Discussion
             C. Summary                                   16
STAGE I                                                   18
             A. Concept
             B. Definitions
             C. Site Requirements                         19
             D. Types of Ideograms
             E. Vertical/Horizontal Ideogram Orientation
             F. I/A/B Formation                           20
             G. Phases I and II                           21
             H. Drills

           I. Format
STAGE II
           A. Concept
           B. Definitions
           C. Site Requirements
           D. Clusters
           E. "Basic" Words                          25
           F. Aperture
           G. Dimensionals
           H. AOL                                    26
           I. Aesthetic Impact (AI)
           J. Drills/Exercises
           K. Format                                 27
STAGE III
           A. Concept
           B. Definitions
           C. Site Requirements                      31
           D. The Six Primary Dimensionals
           E. Aesthetic Impact
           F. Motion/Mobility                        33
           G. Dimensional Expression on Paper
           H. Movement/Movement Exercises            35
           I. Analytic Overlay (AOL) in Stage III    36
           J. Format                                 37
STAGE IV                                             39
           A. Concept
           B. Definitions

           C. Stage IV Matrix                 40
           D. Session Format and Mechanics
           E. Format                          41
STAGE V                                       44
           A. Concept
           B. Definitions
           C. Format and Structure            45
           D. Implications                    47
           E. Considerations
           F. Switches                        48
           G. AOL and Stage V                 49
           H. Format                          50
STAGE VI                                      54
           A. Concept
           B. Functions of Modeling
           C. RV Modality
           D. Discussion                      55
           E. Session Mechanics
           F. Format                          56
GLOSSARY                                      62


                       NEXT PAGE

                                 COORDINATE REMOTE VIEWING


INTRODUCTION
   A.  General

provided to acquaint the reader with the remote viewing
      The following definitions and descriptions are

phenomenon and a typical remote viewing session.
      1.  Definitions:

of psychoenergetic perception. A term coined by
            a. Remote Viewing (RV): The name of a method

SRI-International and defined as "the acquisition and
description, by mental means, of information blocked from
ordinary perception by distance, shielding or time."

process of remote viewing using geographic coordinates for
            b. Coordinate Remote Viewing (CRV): The

cueing or prompting.

text simply as "viewer," the remote viewer is a person who
            c. Remote Viewer: Often referred to in the

employs his mental faculties to perceive and obtain
information to which he has no other access and of which
he has no previous knowledge concerning persons, places,
events, or objects separated from him by time, distance,
or other intervening obstacles.

viewer in a remote viewing session. The monitor provides
            d. Monitor: The individual who assists the

the coordinate, observes the viewer to help insure he
stays in proper structure (discussed below), records
relevant session information, provides appropriate
feedback when required, and provides objective analytic
support to the viewer as necessary. The monitor plays an
especially important role in training beginning viewers.
      2.  Descriptions:

viewing session an individual or "viewer" attempts to
            a. Remote Viewing Session: In a remote

acquire and describe by mental means alone information
about a designated site. The viewer is not told what the
site is that must be described but is provided a cue or
prompt which designates the site.

coordinate remote viewing session, a remote viewer and a
            b. Session Dynamics: In conducting a

monitor begin by seating themselves at the opposite ends
of a table in a special remote viewing room equipped with
paper and pens, a tape recorder, and a TV camera which
allows either recording for documentation, or monitoring
by individuals outside the room. The room is
homogeneously-colored, acoustic-tiled, and featureless,
with light controlled by a dimmer, so that environmental
distractions can be minimized. The session begins when the
monitor provides cueing or prompting information
(geographic coordinates in this case) to the remote
viewer. The remote viewer is given no additional
identifying information, and at this point has no
conscious knowledge of the actual site. For training
purposes, the monitor is allowed to know enough about the
site to enable him to determine when accurate versus
inaccurate information is being provided. The session then
proceeds with the monitor repeating the prompting
information at appropriate intervals and providing
necessary feedback. The remote viewer generates verbal
responses and sketches, until a coherent response to the
overall task requirement emerges.
is over, thec.
             remote viewer and monitor obtain specific
                Post Session Dynamics: After the session

information about the site in picture/descriptive form.
The remote viewer and monitor then discuss the session
results.
   B.  Background:

subcontractor developed a training procedure known as
      In early 1980, an SRI - International (SRI-I)

Coordinate Remote Viewing to satisfy R&D demands on SRI-I
to enhance the reliability (scientific replicability) of
remote viewing (RV). The subcontractor's approach to
improving the reliability of RV was to focus on the
control of those factor that in his view tend to introduce
"noise" into the RV product (imaginative, environmental,
and interviewer overlays). The basic components of this
training procedure consist of:
        (1)
        coordinate) presentation, with
              Repeated site-address (geographic

        quick-reaction response by the remote
        viewing; coupled with a restrictive

        format for reporting perceived
        information (to minimize imaginative
        overlays).
        (2)
        acoustic-tiled, relatively featureless,
              The use of a specially-designed,

        homogeneously-colored "viewing chamber"
        (to minimize environmental overlays).
        (3)   The adoption of a

        patter (to minimize interviewer
        strictly-prescribed, limited interviewer

        overlays).

learn a progressive, multi-stage acquisition process
      The training procedure requires that the trainee

postulated to correspond to increased contact with the
site. At present there are six "stages" of training. In
general, these stages progress as follows:
    (1)
    deserts, etc.).
          "Stage I" sites (islands, mountains,

    (2)
    value--sites which are uniquely describable
          "Stage II" sites (sites of quality sensory

    through touch, taste, sound, color, or odor--such
    as glaciers, volcanoes, industrial plants, etc.).
    (3)
    significant dimensional characteristics such as
          "Stage III" sites (sites possessing

    buildings, bridges, airfields, etc.).
    (4)
    begins"Stage
           to form qualitative mental percepts
                 IV" sites for which the trainee

    (technical area, military feeling, research,
    etc.).
    (5)
    learns"Stage
           to "interrogate" qualitative mental
                 V" sites for which the trainee

    percepts in an attempt to product analytical
    target descriptions (aircraft tracking radar,
    biomedical research facility, tank production
    plant, etc.).
    (6)
    in direct, three-dimensional assessment and
          "Stage VI" sites which involve the trainee

    modeling of the site and/or the relationship of
    site elements to one another (airplanes inside
    one of three camouflaged hangars or a military

    compound with a command building, barracks, motor
    pool, and underground weapons storage area).

comprehensive explanation of the theory and mechanics of
   The following document has been prepared to serve as a

CRV as developed by SRI-I. It is intended for individuals
who have no in-depth understanding of the technology and
as a guide for future training programs. Particular
attention should be paid to the glossary at the end of the
document and to the terms as defined in the text, as they
are the only acceptable definitions to be used when
addressing the methodology presented.


                        NEXT PAGE

                                 COORDINATE REMOTE VIEWING


THEORY
      A.  Concept:

remote viewing theory postulates a non-material "Matrix"
         As will be explained in greater detail below,

in which any and all information about any person, place
or thing may be obtained through the agency of a
hypothesized "signal line." The viewer psychically
perceives and decodes this signal line and objectifies the
information so obtained.

interaction of a remote viewer with the signal line, and
         A remote viewing session consists of both the

the interaction between the viewer and the monitor. The
monitor and viewer are generally seated at opposite ends
of a table. The viewer has a pen and plenty of paper in
front of him. The monitor observes the viewer, and
determines when the viewer is ready to begin when the
viewer places his pen on the left side of the paper in
preparation to record the coordinates. The monitor then
reads the coordinate, the viewer writes it, and the
session proceeds from that point according to theory and
methodology as discussed at length below.
      B.  Definitions:

originates or takes form or develops. A place or point of
         1. Matrix: Something within which something else

origin or growth.

an immediate cause or impulse. In radio propagation
         2. Signal: Something that incites into action;

theory, the carrier wave that is received by the radio or
radar receiving set.

signals emanating from the Matrix (discussed below) and
         3. Signal Line: The hypothesized train of

perceived by the remote viewer, which transports the
information obtained through the remote viewing process.
transfers4.mediumand energy progressively from point to
point in aitself
            Wave: A disturbance or variation that


particle or element influences the adjacent ones and that
                  or in space in such a way that each

may be in the form of an elastic deformation or of a
variation of level or pressure, of electric or magnetic
intensity, of electric potential, or of temperature.

gap, cleft, chasm, slit. In radar, the electronic gate
         5. Aperture: An opening or open space; hole,

that controls the width and dispersion pattern of the
radiating signal or wave.

pattern, or organized field having specific properties
         6. Gestalt: A unified whole; a configuration,

that cannot be derived from the summation of its component
parts.

summon; to call forth a response; elicit.") Iteration of
         7. Evoking: (Evoke: "to call forth or up; to

the coordinate or alternate prompting method is the
mechanism which "evokes" the signal line, calling it up,
causing it to impinge on the autonomic nervous system and
unconsciousness for transmittal through the viewer and on
to objectification (discussed at length in STRUCTURE).

conveyed on the signal line is "encoded," that is
         8. Coding/Encoding/Decoding: The information

translated into an information system (a code) allowing
data to be "transmitted" by the signal line. Upon
receiving the signal, the viewer must "decode" this
information through proper structure to make it
accessible. This concept is very similar to radio
propagation theory, in which the main carrier signal is
modulated to convey the desired information.
      C.  Discussion:

non-material, highly structured, mentally accessible
         The Matrix has been described as a huge,

"framework" of information containing all data pertaining
to everything in both the physical and non-physical
universe. In the same vein as Jung's Cosmic
Unconsciousness, the Matrix is open to and comprises all
conscious entities as well as information relating to
everything else living or nonliving by accepted human
definition. It is this informational framework from which
the data encoded on the signal line originates. This
Matrix can be envisioned as a vast, three dimensional
geometric arrangement of dots, each dot representing a
discrete information bit. Each geographic location on the
earth has a corresponding segment of the Matrix

corresponding exactly to the nature of the physical
location. When the viewer is prompted by the coordinate or
other targeting methodology, he accesses the signal line
for data derived from the Matrix. By successfully
acquiring (detecting) this information from the signal
line, then coherently decoding it through his conscious
awareness and faculties, he makes it available for
analysis and further exploitation by himself or others.
agency ofRemote
           a hypothetical "signal line." In a manner
                  viewing is made possible through the

roughly analogous to standard radio propagation theory,
this signal line is a carrier wave which is inductively
modulated by its intercourse with information and may be
detected and decoded by a remote viewer. This signal line
radiates in many different frequencies, and its impact on
the viewer's perceptive faculties is controlled through a
phenomenon known as "aperture." Essentially, when the
remote viewer first detects the signal line in Stage I (*)
it manifests itself as a sharp, rapid influx of signal
energy -- representing large gestalts of information. In
this situation, we therefore speak of a "narrow" aperture,
since only a very narrow portion of the signal line is
allowed to access the consciousness. In later stages
involving longer, slower, more enduring waves, the
aperture is spoken of as being "wider."


of control, RV methodology is divided into discreet, progressive
* NOTE: for the sake of clarity, ease of instruction, and facility
"stages," each dealing with different or more detailed aspects of
the site. Stage I is the first and most general of the six stages
thus far identified. Each stage is a natural progression, building
on the information obtained during the previous stage. Each session
must start with Stage I, progress on through Stage II, Stage III,
and so forth, through the highest stage to be complete in that
particular session.

      D.  Levels of Consciousness:
         1.  Definitions:

immediately available to consciousness; affecting thought,
            a. Subconscious: Existing in the mind but not

feeling, and behavior without entering awareness. The
mental activities just below the threshold of
consciousness.

outside the area of conscious awareness; influencing
            b. Subliminal: Existing or functioning

thought, feeling, or behavior in a manner unperceived by
personal or subjective consciousness; designed to
influence the mind on levels other than that of conscious
awareness and especially by presentation too brief to be
consciously perceived.

interface between the subconscious and conscious.
            c. Limen: The threshold of consciousness; the


consciousness.
            d. Liminal: At the limen; verging on


realm of conscious awareness.
            e. Supraliminal: Above the limen; in the


noticing with a degree of controlled thought or
            f. Conscious: Perceiving, apprehending, or

observation; recognizing as something external. Present
especially to the senses. Involving rational power,
perception, and awareness. By definition, the "conscious"
part of the human being is that portion of the human
consciousness which is linked most closely to and limited
by the material world.

the vertebrate nervous system that innervates smooth and
            g. Autonomic Nervous System (ANS): A part of

cardiac muscle and glandular tissues, governs actions that
are more or less automatic, and consists of the
sympathetic nervous system and the parasympathetic nervous
system (Webster's 3rd Int. Unabr.).
the paper ash. result of the impingement of the signal on
the autonomicanervous system and its subsequent
               Ideogram (I): The reflexive mark made on


transmittal through this system to the arm and hand
muscles, which transfers it through the pen onto the
paper.

subjective interpretation of signal line data, which may
              i. Analytic Overlay (AOL): Conscious

or may not be relevant to the site. (Discussed at length
in STRUCTURE.)

movement of the signal line information through the
              j. Automatic vs. Autonomic: Reception and
viewer's system ** and into objectification is an
autonomic process as opposed to an automatic one, which
itself implies an action arising and subsiding entirely
within the system rather than from without.

(Note: in the original document, "j." was a typo, listed as a second
"i.")


"autonomic," etc., it refers in a general sense to all the
** NOTE: When the word "system" is used without qualifiers such as
integrated and integrative biological (and perhaps metaphysical as
well) elements and components of the viewer himself which enable him
to function in this mode known as "remote viewing."


       2.  Discussion:

human consciousness levels. The lowest level of
          RV theory relies on a rather Freudian model of

consciousness is paradoxically named the "unconscious."
All this label really means is that that part of our
mental processes we know as physical "awareness" or
"consciousness" does not have access to what goes on
there. It is apparently this part of the individual's
psyche that first detects and receives the signal line.
From here it is passed to the autonomic nervous system.
When the signal line impinges on the ANS, the information
is converted into a reflexive nervous response conducted
through muscular channels controlled by the ANS. If so
allowed, this response will manifest itself as an
ideogram. At the same time, the signal is passed up
through the subconscious, across the limen, and into the
lower fringes of the consciousness. This is the highest
state of consciousness from the standpoint of human
material awareness. However, the normal waking
consciousness poses certain problems for remote viewing,
occasioned largely because of the linear, analytic thought
processes which are societally enhanced and ingrained from
our earliest stages of cognitive development. While
extremely useful in a society relying heavily on

quantitative data and technological development, such
analytic thinking hampers remote viewing by the
manufacture of what is known as "analytic overlay," or
AOL. As the signal line surges up across the limen and
into the threshold areas of consciousness, the mind's
conscious analytic process feels duty-bound to assign
coherence to what at first blush seems virtually
incomprehensible data coming from an unaccustomed source.
It must in other words make a "logical" assessment based
on the impressions being received. Essentially, the mind
jumps to one or a number of instantaneous conclusions
about the incoming information without waiting for
sufficient information to make an accurate judgement. This
process is completely reflexive, and happens even when not
desired by the individual involved. Instead of allowing
wholistic "right-brain" processes (through which the
signal line apparently manifests itself) to assemble a
complete and accurate concept, untrained "left
brain"-based analytic processes seize upon whatever bit of
information seems most familiar and forms an AOL construct
based on it.
For example, a viewer has been given the coordinates to a
large, steel girder bridge. A flash of a complex, metal,
manmade structure may impinge on the limenary regions of
the viewer's mind, but so briefly that no coherent
response can be made to it. The conscious mind, working at
a much greater speed than the viewer expects, perceives
bits and pieces such as angles, riveted girders, and a
sense of being "roofed over" and paved, whereupon it
suggests to the physical awareness of the viewer that the
site is the outside of a large sports stadium. The "image"
is of course wrong, but is at least composed of factual
elements, though these have been combined by the viewer's
over-eager analytical processes to form an erroneous
conclusion.

      E.  Learning Theory
         1.  Definitions:
individual'sa.
"burned out,"learning
              Overtraining: The state reached when the

overworked andanalogous
                      system is over-saturated and is

               can no longer extend or contract until it
                        to a muscle that has been

is allowed to rest and rebuild fibers that have been
broken down by the stress, or reinforce those that have
been newly acquired by new demands placed upon the muscle.

incorporation or by the digestive process.
            b. Absorption: Assimilation, as by


neurons, linked together by interconnecting synapses, and
            c. Cognitron: A cognitron is an assemblage of

which when stimulated by the mind's recall system produce
a composite concept of their various subparts. Each neuron
is charged with an element of the overall concept, which
when combined with the elements of its fellow neurons
produces the final concept which the cognitron represents.
As a human learns new facts, skills or behaviors, neurons
are connecting into new cognitrons, the connecting
synapses of which are more and more reinforced with use.

processes." The apparent fundamental physical building
            d. Neuron: "A nerve cell with all its

block of mental and nervous processes. Neurons are the
basic element in the formation of cognitrons, and may be
linked into varying configurations by the formation or
rearrangement of synapse chains.

over which nerve impulses must travel to carry information
            e. Synapse: The interstices between neurons

from the senses, organs, and muscles to the brain and
back, and to conduct mental processes.

of the standard success-to-session ratio of a remote
            f. Learning Curve: The graphic representation

viewer trainee. The typical curve demonstrates high
success for the first one to a few attempts, a sudden and
drastic drop in success, then a gradual improvement curve
until a relatively high plateau is reached.

or skill a phenomenon exists known as "beginner's luck."
            g. First-Time Effect: In any human activity

In remote viewing, this phenomenon is manifest as

especially successful performance at the first attempt at
psychic functioning, after which the success rate drops
sharply, to be built up again gradually through further
training. This effect is hypothesized to result from the
initial excitation of hereditary but dormant
psi-conducting neuronal channels which, when first
stimulated by attempted psychoenergetic functioning "catch
the analytic system off guard," as it were, allowing
high-grade functioning with little other system
interference. Once the initial novelty wears off, the
analytic systems which have been trained for years to
screen all mental functions attempt to account for and
control the newly awakened neural pathways, thereby
generating increasing amounts of masking "mental noise,"
or AOL.

overlay, inclemencies, etc. that serve to obscure or
            h. Noise: The effect of the various types of

confuse the viewer's reception and accurate decoding of
the signal line. Noise must be dealt with properly and in
structure to allow the viewer to accurately recognize the
difference between valid signal and his own incorrect
internal processes.

         2.  Discussion:

by the idea that the student should "quit on a high
            Learning theory for RV methodology is governed

point." Traditionally, the learning of a skill
concentrates on rote repetition, reiterating the skill a
large number of times until it is consistently performed
correctly. Recent developments in learning theory which
have been applied with particular success in sports
training methodology indicate that the rote repetition
concept tends more to reinforce incorrect performance as
opposed to developing the proper behavior or skill. Much
success has been realized by implementing the concept of
"quitting on a high point." That is, when a skill or
behavior has been executed correctly, taking an extended
break from the training at that point allows the learning
processes to "remember" the correct behavior by
strengthening the neurological relays that have been
established in the brain by the correct procedure.

danger in the training cycle, generally brought about by
            The phenomenon of overtraining is a very real

pushing ahead with training until the learning system of

the viewer is totally saturated and cannot absorb any
more. This results in system collapse, which in effect is
a total failure to function psychically at all. To avoid
this, the normal practice has been to work an appropriate
number of sessions a day (anywhere from one to several,
depending on each individual trainee's capacity and level
of training and experience) for a set number of days or
weeks (also individually dependent), with a lay off period
between training periods to allow time for assimilation or
"absorption." Even with this precaution, overtraining can
sometimes strike, and the only remedy becomes a total
training layoff, then a gradual reintroduction. It is
extremely important that the viewer inform the monitor
when he is feeling especially good about his performance
in remote viewing training, so that a training break may
be initiated on this high point. To continue to push
beyond this threatens a slide into overtraining.

the course of the training session become aware that he
            It is very important that should the viewer in

has experienced some important "cognition" or
understanding, or if the monitor perceives that this is
the case, the session must here also be halted. This
allows time both for the cognition to be fully
matriculated into the viewer's system and for the
accompanying elation of discovery to dissipate.
six distinctThe
             stages implies that there is a learning
                fact that CRV methodology is arranged into

progression from one stage to the next. To determine when
a student viewer is ready to advance to the next stage,
certain milestones are looked for. Though the
peculiarities of each stage make certain of these criteria
relevant only to that specific stage, general rules may
still be outlined. When a viewer has consistently
demonstrated control and replication of all pertinent
stage elements and has operated "noise free" (i.e.,
properly handling AOL and other system distractions in
structure) for five or six sessions, he is ready to write
a stage summation essay and move on to the introductory
lectures for the next stage.

training, and serves as a sort of intellectual
            Essay writing is an important part of the CRV

"objectification" of the material learned. Through student
essays the instructor is able to determine how thoroughly
and accurately the student has internalized the concepts

taught.
         F.  Reference Material:

Processing, New York: Wiley, 1981.
            1. Theory: Dixon, Norman, Preconscious

            2. Learning Theory:
Self-organizinga.
                Neural Network with a Function of
                  Fukushima, K. and Miyake, S., "A

Associative Memory: Feed-back Type Cognition," Biological
Cybernetics, 28 (1978), pp. 201-208.
Self-organizingb.
                Neural Network Model for a Mechanism of
                  Fukushima, K. "Neocognitron: A

Pattern Recognition Unaffected by Shift in Position,"
Biological Cybernetics, 36 (1980), pp. 197-202.
Function of thec.
pp. 38-47.      Ego," Psychoanalytic Quarterly, 23 (1954),
                  Linn, Louis, "The Discriminating




Psychological Unconscious: A Necessary Assumption for All
               d. Shevrin, H., and Dickman, Scott, "The

Psychological Theory?" American Psychologist, vol. 35, no.
5 (May 1980), pp. 421-434.

Neural Holographic Processes within the Brain,"
               e. Westlake, P.R., "The Possibilities of

Kybernetic, vol. 7, no. 4, pp. 129-153.


                        NEXT PAGE

                                 COORDINATE REMOTE VIEWING


STRUCTURE
      A.  Concept:

remote viewing theory. The word "structure" signifies the
         "Structure" is a singularly important element in

orderly process of proceeding from general to specific in
accessing the signal line, of objectifying in proper
sequence all data bits and RV-related subjective phenomena
(i.e.g, see aesthetic impact as discussed in STAGE III),
and rigorous extraction of AOL from the viewer's system by
conscientious objectification. Structure is executed in a
formal ordered format sequence using pen and paper. A
sample format will be provided as each stage is discussed
in turn, since different elements are used in each.
      B.  Definitions and Discussion:

might degrade or even preclude psychic functioning. Muscle
         1. Inclemencies: Personal considerations that

pains, colds, allergies, menstrual cramps, hangovers,
mental and emotional stress, etc., could cause increased
difficulty to the viewer in accessing the signal line, but
could be "worked through," and ultimately are only minor
nuisances. Only hunger and a pressing need to eliminate
body wastes cause the system to totally not function. It
is important, though, that the viewer identify and declare
any inclemencies either at the first of the session or as
they are recognized, since unattended agendas such as
these can color or distort the viewer's functioning if not
eliminated from the system through objectification (see
below). Preferably, the monitor will ask the viewer if he
has any personal inclemencies even before the first
iteration of the coordinate so as to purge the system as
much as possible before beginning the session proper.

inclemencies exist, which we might refer to as
         There is evidence that an additional category of

environmental inclemencies. Extremely low frequency (ELF)
electromagnetic radiation may have a major role in this.
Experience and certain research suggests that changes in
the Earth's geomagnetic field--normally brought about by
solar storms, or "sunspots," may degrade the remote
viewer's system, or actually cause it to cease functioning

effectively altogether. On-going research projects are
attempting to discover the true relationship, if any,
between solar storms, ELF, and human psychic functioning.

out loud and writing down information. In this
         2. Objectification: The act of physically saying

methodology, objectification serves several important
functions. First, it allows the information derived from
the signal line to be recorded and expelled from the
system, freeing the viewer to receive further information
and become better in tune with the signal line. Secondly,
it makes the system independently aware that its
contributions have been acknowledged and recorded.
Thirdly, it allows re-input of the information into the
system as necessary for further prompting. In effect,
objectification "gives reality" to the signal line and the
information it conveys. Finally, objectification allows
non-signal line derived material (inclemencies, AOLs,
etc.) that might otherwise clutter the system and mask
valid signal line data to be expelled.

structure, the "I/A/B" sequence is the fundamental element
         3. I/A/B Sequence: The core of all CRV

of Stage I, which is itself in turn the foundation for
site acquisition and further site detection and decoding
in subsequent CRV stages. The sequence is composed of an
ideogram (the "I"), which is a spontaneous graphic
representation of the site's major gestalt; the "A"
component or "feeling/motion" involved in the ideogram;
and the "B" component, or first analytic response to the
signal line. (A full discussion may be found in the Stage
I section below.)

session to the viewer to indicate if he has detected and
         4. Feedback: Those responses provided during the

properly decoded site-relevant information; or,
information provided at some point after completion of the
RV session or project to "close the loop" as it were,
providing the viewer with closure as to the site accessed
and allowing him to assess the quality of his performance
more accurately.

most concerned, is usually only used extensively in
         In-session feedback, with which we will be here

earlier stages of the training process, and has several
interconnected functions. The very nature of the RV
phenomena makes it often only rather tenuously accessible

to one's physically-based perceptions, and therefore
difficult to recognize. Feedback is provided after correct
responses to enable the viewer to immediately identify
those perceptions which produced the correct response and
associate them with proper psychic behavior. Secondly, it
serves to develop much-needed viewer confidence by
immediately rewarding the viewer and letting him know that
he is being successful. Finally, it helps keep the viewer
on the proper course and connected with the signal line,
preventing him from falling into AOL drive and wandering
off on a tangent.
presented bya.
             the trainee viewer is assessed by the monitor
               Correct (abbreviated "C"): The data bit

to be a true component of the site.

cannot be fully assessed by the monitor as being accurate
            b. Probably Correct ("PC"): Data presented

site information, but it would be reasonable to assume
because of its nature that the information is valid for
the site.

viewer are elements of objects or locations near the site.
            c. Near Site ("N"): Data objectified by the

insufficientd.
             feedback information to evaluate data
               Can't Feed Back ("CFB"): Monitor has

produced by the viewer.
successfullye.
             acquired and debriefed the site. In
               Site ("S"): Tells the former that he has

elementary training sessions, this usually signifies the
termination of the session. At later stages, when further
information remains to be derived from the site, the
session may continue on beyond full acquisition of the
site.

the trainee viewer is patently incorrect, the monitor
            f. Silence: When information objectified by

simply remains silent, which the viewer may freely
interpret as an incorrect response.

this system is based, the intent is to avoid reinforcing
            In line with the learning theory upon which

any negative behavior or response. Therefore, there is no
feedback for an incorrect response; and any other feedback
information is strictly limited to those as defined above.
            It should be noted here that the above refers

to earlier stages of the training process. Later stages do
away with in-session feedback to the viewer, and at even
later stages the monitor himself is denied access to any
site information or feedback until the session is over.

of the ideogram to re-present itself if improperly or
         5. Self-Correcting Characteristic: The tendency

incompletely decoded. If at the iteration of the
coordinate an ideogram is produced and then decoded with
the wrong "A" & "B" components, or not completely decoded,
upon the next iteration of the coordinate the same
ideogram will appear, thereby informing the viewer that he
has made an error somewhere in the procedure. On rare
occasions, the ideogram will be re-presented even when it
has been properly decoded. This almost inevitably occurs
if the site is extremely uniform, such as the middle of an
ocean, a sandy desert, glacier, etc., where nothing else
but one single aspect is present.

response of the viewer's mind to signal line input. An AOL
         6. AOL ("Analytic Overlay"): The analytic

is usually wrong, especially in early stages, but often

contained in the signal line; hence, a light house may
does possess valid elements of the site[5] that are

produce an AOL of "factory chimney" because of its tall,
cylindrical shape. AOLs may be recognized in several ways.
First, if there is a comparator present ("it looks
like...", "it's sort of...", etc.) the information present
will almost inevitably be an AOL, and should always be
treated as one. Secondly, a mental image that is sharp,
clear, and static--that is, there is no motion present in
it, and in fact it appears virtually to be a mental
photograph of the site--is also certainly AOL. Hesitation
in production of the "B" component in Stage I coordinate
remote viewing, or a response that is out of structure
anywhere in the system[7] are also generally sure
indicators that AOL is present. Finally, the monitor or
viewer can frequently detect AOL by the inflection of the

as a question rather than a statement should be recognized
viewer's voice or other micro behaviors.[8] Data delivered

as usually being AOL.

them as soon as they are recognized, and writing "AOL
         AOLs are dealt with by declaring/objectifying

Break" on the right side of the paper, then writing a
brief description of the AOL immediately under that. This
serves to acknowledge to the viewer's system that the AOL

has been recognized and duly recorded and that it is not
what is desired, thereby purging the system of unwanted
noise and debris and allowing the signal line in its
purity to be acquired and decoded properly.
system***7. be put on "hold," providing the opportunity
           to  Breaks: The mechanism developed to allow the

to flush out AOLs, deal with temporary inclemencies, or
make system adjustments, allowing a fresh start with new
momentum. There are seven types of breaks:


"autonomic," etc., it refers in a general sense to all the
*** NOTE: When the word "system" is used without qualifiers such as
integrated and integrative biological (and perhaps metaphysical as
well) elements and components of the viewer himself which enable him
to function in this mode known as "remote viewing."



signal line to be put on hold while AOL is expelled from
              a. AOL Break: As mentioned above, allows the

the system.[9]

the viewer becomes confused by events in his environment
              b. Confusion Break (often, "Conf Bk"): When

or information in the signal line to the degree that
impressions he is receiving are hopelessly entangled, a
Confusion Break is called. Whatever time necessary is
allowed for the confusion to dissipate, and when necessary
the cause for confusion is declared much like it is done
with AOL. The RV process is then resumed with an iteration
of the coordinate.

information is provided by the signal line all at once for
              c. Too Much Break ("TM Break"): When too much

the viewer to handle, a "Too Much Break" is called and
written down (objectified), telling the system to slow
down and supply information in order of importance. After
the overload is dissipated, the viewer may resume from the
break, normally with the reiteration of the coordinates. A
too much break is often indicated by an overly elaborate
ideogram or ideograms.
be discussedd. inAesthetic
                  conjunction with Stage III.
                             Impact Break ("AI Break"): Will


break becomes necessary when an AOL or related AOLs have
              e. AOL Drive Break (AOL-D Bk): This type of

overpowered the system and are "driving" the process (as

evidenced by the recurrence of a specific AOL two or more
times), producing nothing but spurious information. Once
the AOL-Drive is objectified, the break time taken will
usually need to be longer than that for a normal AOL to
allow the viewer to fully break contact and allow to
dissipate the objectionable analytic loop.

viewer perceives he is too much absorbed in and
            f. Bi-location Break (Bilo Bk): When the

transferred to the site and cannot therefore appropriately
debrief and objectify site information, or that he is too
aware of and contained within the here-and-now of the
remote viewing room, only weakly connected with the signal
line, a Bilo break must be declared and objectified to
allow the viewer to back out, and then get properly
recoupled with the signal line again.

system the viewer must take a break that does not fit into
            g. Break (Break): If at any point in the

any of the other categories, a "Break" is declared. It has
been recommended that a break not be taken if the signal
line is coming through strong and clear. If the break is
extensive--say for twenty minutes or more, it is
appropriate to objectify "Resume" and the time at the
point of resumption.
"AOL Break,"The
appropriate, usually in the right hand margin of the
             "AIviewer
                 Break," "Bilo Break," etc., as
                       declares a break by objectifying


paper. Immediately underneath he briefly objectifies in
one or a few words the cause or content of what occasioned
the necessity for a break.
      C.  Summary:

is through proper structure-discipline that mental noise
         Structure is the key to usable RV technology. It

is suppressed and signal line information allowed to
emerge cleanly. As expressed by one early student,
"Structure! Content be damned!" is the universal motto of
the remote viewer. As long as proper structure is

the viewer starts speculating about content--wondering
maintained, information obtained may be relied on.[14] If

"what it is"--he will begin to depart from proper
structure and AOL will inevitably result. One of the
primary duties of both monitor and viewer is to insure the
viewer maintains proper structure, taking information in

the correct sequence, at the correct stage, and in the
proper manner.[15]


                        NEXT PAGE

                                 COORDINATE REMOTE VIEWING


STAGE I
      A.  Concept:

"gestalt," as it is referred to below, that makes it
         Any given site has an overall nature or

uniquely what it is. In Stage I, the remote viewer is
taught to acquire the signal line, attune himself to it,
and proceed to decode and objectify this site getalt and
the major pieces of information that pertain to it. A
properly executed Stage I is the very foundation of
everything that follows after it, and it is therefore of
utmost importance to maintain correct structure and
achieve an accurate Stage I concept of the site. All CRV
sessions begin with Stage I.
      B.  Definitions:
presented1.
composite interactive meaning. The one concept that more
          byMajorelements of the site taken for their
             all Gestalt: The overall impression


than all others would be the best description of the site.
sequence.2.
          The ideogram is the spontaneous graphic
            Ideogram: The "I" component of the I/A/B

representation of the major gestalt, manifested by the
motion of the viewer's pen on paper, which motion is
produced by the impingement of the signal line on the
autonomic nervous system and the reflexive transmission of
the resultant nervous energy to the muscles of the
viewer's hand and arm. The objectified ideogram has no
"scale;" that is, the size of the ideogram relative to the
paper seems to have no relevance to the actual size of any
component at the site.

of the ideogram. The "feeling/motion" is essentially the
         3. "A" Component: The "feeling/motion" component

impression of the physical consistency (hard, soft, solid,
fluid, gaseous, etc.) and contour/shape/motion of the
site. For example, the monitor has selected, unknown to
the viewer, a mountain as the trainee's site. At the
iteration of the coordinate, the trainee produces an
appropriate ideogram, and responds verbally, at the same
time as he writes it: "Rising up, peak, down." This is the
"motion" sensation he experienced as his pen produced the

ideogram. He then says "solid," having experienced the
site as being solid as opposed to fluid or airy. This is
the "feeling" component of the Stage 1 process. There are
at least five possible types of feelings: solidity,
liquidity, energetic, airiness (that is, where there is
more air space than anything else, such as some suspension
bridges might manifest), and temperature. Other feeling
descriptors are possible, but encountered only in rare
circumstances and connected with unusual sites. These
components and how they are expressed in structure will be
discussed more fully below. Though in discussions of
theory this aspect is usually address as "feeling/motion,"
it will normally be the case in actual session work that
the motion aspect is decoded first with the feeling
portion coming second.

analytic response to the ideogram and "A" component.
         4. "B" Component: The first (spontaneous)

      C.  Site Requirements:
selected.For
          Basic Stage I coordinate remote viewing sites
             training in Stage I, a stage-specific site is

generally comprise an area isolated by some five miles on
a side and possess easily identifiable major gestalts that
may be easily decoded in simple Stage I sessions. All
sites have Stage I gestalts, but for training Stage I
perceptions these "simple" sites are selected.
      D. Types of Ideograms:
         There are four types of ideograms:

only one "A" component (feeling/motion) and one "B"
         1. Single: One unbroken mark or line, containing

component.

Produces usually at least three sets of "A" and "B"
         2. Double: Two basically parallel marks or lines.

components: one for the area between the marks, and one
each for the areas on either side of the marks. Two other
"A" and "B" components may be present as well, one for
each of the marks. Railroad tracks, roads, canals, etc.
may produce this type of ideogram.
producing3.
          its own set or sets of "A" and "B" components.
            Multiple: Two or more different marks, each

Such an ideogram may be obtained when there is more than
one major gestalt present at a given site--such as a lake,

city and mountain--all within the area designated by the
coordinate. This type of ideogram may occasion the
necessity of taking a "Too Much Break" because of the
volume of information contained in more than one major
gestalt. Caution must be exercised here, since a single
mark may actually represent either a double or multiple
ideogram, but may be mistaken for a single ideogram. To
ascertain this, the signal line must be prompted by
placing the pen on the mark and also to either side to
determine if more than one "A" and "B" component is also
present.

makes identical marks," and produces one set of "A" and
         4. Composite: "Pen leaves paper more than twice,

"B" components. Things such as orchards, antenna fields,
etc., with numbers of identical components produce this
type of ideogram.
      E.  Vertical/Horizontal Ideogram Orientation:

parallel with the plane of the horizon (horizontal) or
         Ideograms may be encountered (objectified) either

perpendicular to it (vertical). For example, the Gobi
desert being predominantly flat, wave sand, would produce
a motion portion of the Stage I "A" indicating a
horizontal ideogram. The Empire State Building, however,
would produce some sort of vertical response such as "up,
angle," in the motion portion of the "A," indicating a
vertical ideogram. However, a crucial point to remember is
the objectification of the ideogram is completely
independent either of what it looks like or its
orientation on paper. It is imperative to realize that
what determines the vertical/horizontal ideogram
orientation is not the site's inherent manifestation of
the physical world, and not how or what direction it is
executed on the paper, or even the RVer's "point of view,"
since in Stage I there is no viewer site orientation in
the dimensional plane. Simply observing how the ideogram
looks on paper will not give reliable clues as to what the
orientation of the ideogram might be. The ideogram
objectified as "across, flat, wavy" for the Gobi Desert
might on the paper be an up and down mark. The ideogram
for the Empire State Building could possibly be
represented as oriented across the paper.

interpreted by what they "look like," but by the
      It is obvious then that ideograms can not be

feeling/motion component produced immediately following
the ideogram. The viewer must learn to sense the
orientation of an ideogram as he executes it. If
unsuccessful on the first attempt, the ideogram may be
"re-prompted" by moving the pen along it at the same tempo
as it was produced, with the viewer being alert to
accurately obtain the missing information.
      F.  I/A/B/ Formation:

(coordinate, etc.) the viewer writes it down on the left
         As the monitor gives the prompting information

side of the paper, then immediately afterwards places his
pen on the paper again to execute the ideogram ("I"). This
presents itself as a spontaneous mark produced on the
paper by the motion of hand and pen. Immediately upon
execution of the ideogram, the viewer then moves his pen
to the right third of the paper where he writes "A" and
describes briefly the feeling/motion characteristics of
the site as it is manifest in the ideogram, for example,
"A    Across angle up angle across angle down, solid."

component, the viewer then moves his pen to a position
      Upon correctly decoding the feeling/motion

below the recorded feeling/motion responses and directly
under the "A," then writes "B." He then records the
appropriate "B" component response, which will be the
first instantaneous analytic response following the
ideogram and feeling/motion components to the signal
line's impingement on his system. Sample responses may be
"mountain," "water," "structure," "land," "ice," "city,"
"sand," "swamp," etc.

      G.  Phases I and II:

determined by the number and types of major gestalts
         Stage I training is divided into two phases,

produced by the site used. For example, mountain, city, or
water. Phase II includes sites with more than one major
gestalt, and therefore some sort of identifiable
interface: a beach on an ocean, an island, a city by a
river, or a mountain with a lake.
      H.  Drills:

in executing ideograms on paper. If such habits become
         Most viewers tend to establish well-worn patterns

established enough, they can actually inhibit proper

handling of the signal line by restricting ease and
flexibility in proper ideogram production. In order to
counter this tendency, training drills may occasionally be
conducted. These drills use paper with a larger number of
rectangles, outlined in black, of different sizes,
proportions, and orientations (i.e., with the long sides
paralleling in some cases the top of the paper and other
cases paralleling the sides of the paper). As he comes to
each of these rectangles on the paper in turn, the viewer
is directed to execute an ideogram for a given site (i.e.,
"mountain," "lake," "city," "canyon," "orchard," "island,"
"mountain by a lake with a city," "waterfall," "volcano,"
etc.) with his pen inside the rectangle, extending the
ideogram as appropriate from one side of the rectangle to
another without passing outside the rectangle. Each time
the directions may vary--the ideogram will have to be
executed from top to bottom, right to left, left to right,
bottom to top, diagonally, etc. In the case of ideograms
that do not have a directional emphasis, such as one
formed by a circle, a grouping of dots, etc., the ideogram
must fill the area of the rectangle without going outside
it. The ideogram must be executed as rapidly as possible,
without any hesitation or time taken to think. The purpose
of this exercise is obviously to encourage spontaneity and
increase facility with pen on paper; though it is unlikely
that real signal line connection occurs, the ideograms
created by the near-totally reflexive actions involved in
the drill approach actual archetypal ideogrammatic styles.
      I.  Format:

name and the date/time group of the session in the upper
         All sessions are begun by writing the viewer's

right hand corner of the paper, together with any other
session-relevant information deemed necessary by the
monitor. As stated above, the coordinate or other
prompting information is written in the left third of the
paper, the ideogram approximately in the middle third
(though because of the spontaneous nature of the ideogram,
it may sometimes be executed much closer to the prompting
data, sometimes even being connected to it), and the "A"
and "B" components in the right third. AOL and other
breaks are declared near the right edge of the paper. This
format constitutes the structure of Stage I and when
properly executed, objectifies ("gives reality" to) the
signal line. Following is a sample Stage I format:

                       (FORMAT FOR STAGE I)

                                                          Name
                                                          Date
                                                          Time
          (Personal Inclemencies/Advance Visuals Declared)
(Coordinate)        (Ideogram)           A  Across angle up angle
                                            angle across angle down
                                            Solid
                                         B  Structure

                                                      AOL Break
                                                      Sports Stadium


                             NEXT PAGE

                                 COORDINATE REMOTE VIEWING


STAGE II
      A.  Concept:

signal line data relevant to physical sensory input. The
         Stage II presents to the viewer's cognition

classic explanation of this is that such data are exactly
equivalent to "sensations the viewer would experience were
he physically present at the site." In effect, this allows
the viewer to come into closer contact with the signal
line through recognition and objectification of sensory
facts relevant to the site. This information centers
around the five physical senses: touch, smell, sight,
sound, and taste, and can include both temperature (both
as a tactile "hot/cold to the touch" sensation, and/or a
general environmental ambience) and "energetics" (i.e.g,
magnetism, strong radio broadcasts, nuclear radiation,
etc.).
      B.  Definitions:

hearing, smell, taste, or touch, by which man perceives
         1. Sense: Any of the faculties, as sight,

stimuli originating from outside or inside the body.

sensations.
         2. Sensory: Of or pertaining to the senses or

affecting3.being
capable ofthe
            Tactile: Of, pertaining to, endowed with, or
              sense of touch. Perceptible to the touch;
                 touched; tangible.

sense of hearing, or to the organs of hearing. Perceived
         4. Auditory: Of or pertaining to hearing, to the

through or resulting from the sense of hearing.
direction5.
line has one dimension, length. A plane has two
          asDimension:
             length, breadth and thickness or depth. A
                      Extension in a single line or


dimensions, length and breadth. A solid or cube has three
dimensions, length, breadth and thickness.
      C.  Site Requirements:

their pronounced manifestation of sensory information.
         Sites for Stage II training are selected for

Examples: sewage treatment plant, airport, pulp mill,
botanical garden, chocolate factory, steel mill, amusement
park, etc.
      D.  Clusters:

"clusters" of words--usually 3-4 words, though sometimes
         Stage II responses tend to come in groups or

more--pertaining to different aspects or gestalts of the
site. If for example a body of water and an area of land
are present at the site, a group of sensory Stage II words
might be produced by the viewer relating to the land, then
another group relating to the water. This is particularly
noticeable in sites whose ideograms product two or more
"A" and "B" components. Stage IIs will tend to cluster in
respect to the "A" and "B" components to which they
relate. Stage II responses cluster in another sense as
well. Frequently, types of sensory responses will come
together. For example two or three tastes, smells, colors,
or textures may cluster together as the viewer objectifies
his perceptions on the paper.
      E.  "Basic" Words:

words dealing directly with a sensory experience: i.e.
         True Stage IIs are generally simple, fundamental

rough, red, cold, stinging smell, sandy taste, soft,
moist, green, gritty, etc. When objectified words go
beyond the "basics" they are considered "out of structure"
and therefore unreliable.
      F.  Aperture:

been executed, the aperture (which was at its narrowest
         After a proper Stage I Ideogram/A/B sequence has

point during Stage I) opens to accommodate Stage II
information. Not only does this allow the more detailed
sensory information to pass through to the viewer, but it
is accompanied by a correspondingly longer signal "loiter"
time--the information comes in more slowly, and is less
concentrated. Towards the end of Stage II, and approach
the threshold of Stage III, the aperture begins to expand
even further, allowing the acquisition of dimensionally
related information. (see below.)

      G.  Dimensionals:

approaches Stage III, the aperture widens, allowing the
         As the viewer proceeds through Stage II and

viewer to shift from a global (gestalt) perspective, which
is paramount through Stage I and most of Stage II, to a
perspective in which certain limited dimensional
characteristics are discernable. "Dimensionals" are words
produced by the viewer and written down in structure to
conceptualize perceived elements of this new dimensional
perspective he has now gained through the widening of the
aperture. These words demonstrate five dimensional
concepts: vertical-ness, horizontal-ness, angularity,
space or volume, and mass. While at first glance the
concept of "mass" seems to be somewhat inappropriate to
the dimensional concept, mass in this case can be
conceived in in dimensionally related terms as in a sense
being substance occupying a specific three dimensional
area. Generally received only in the latter portion of
Stage II, dimensionals are usually very basic--"tall,"
"wide," "long," "big." More complex dimensionals such as
"panoramic" are usually received at later stages
characterized by wider aperture openings. If these more
complex dimensionals are reported during Stage II they are
considered "out of structure" and therefore unreliable.
      H.  AOL:

Stage II than it is in Stage I. Though it does
         Analytic overlay is considerably more rare in

occasionally occur, something about the extremely basic
sensory nature of the data bits being received strongly
tends to avoid AOL. Some suppositions suggest that the
sensory data received comes across either at a low enough
energy level or through a channel that does not stimulate
the analytic portion of the mind to action. In effect, the
mind is "fooled" into thinking Stage II information is
being obtained from normal physical sensory sources. The
combination of true sensory data received in Stage II may
produce a valid signal line "image" consisting of colors,
forms, and textures. Stage II visuals or other true signal
line visuals of the site may be distinguished from an AOL
in that they are perceived as fuzzy, indistinct and
tending to fade in and out as one attempts to focus on its
constituent elements rather than the sharp, clear, static
image present with AOL.

      I.  Aesthetic Impact (AI):

widening of the aperture, and signals the transition from
         Aesthetic impact indicates a sudden and dramatic

Stage II into Stage III. In normal session structure, it
occurs only after two or more dimensionals occur in the
signal line. On occasion, however, AI can occur more or
less spontaneously in Stage II, especially when a site is
involved with very pronounced Stage II elements, such as
particularly noisome chemical plant. AIR is the viewer's
personal, emotional response to the site: "How the site
makes you feel." It can be a manifestation of sudden
surprise, vertigo, revulsion, or pleasure. Though some
sites seem to consistently elicit similar AI responses in
any person who remote views them, it must still be borne
in mind that an AI response is keyed directly to the
individual's own personality and emotional/physical
makeup, and that therefore AI responses can differ,
sometimes dramatically so, from viewer to viewer. AI will
be more fully discussed in the section of this paper
dealing with Stage III.
      J.  Drills/Exercises:

responses, an exercise is usually assigned viewer
         To promote flexibility in producing Stage II

trainees. This consists of producing a list of at least
sixty sensory response type words, dealing with all the
the possible categories of sensory perceptions: tastes,
sounds, smells, tactile experience, colors and other
elementary visuals, and magnetic/energetic experiences.
When giving the assignment, the trainer emphasizes
reliance on "basic" words as described above.
      K.  Format:
         Following is a sample Stage II format:

                    (FORMAT FOR STAGE II)

                                                          Name
                                                          Date
                                                          Time
           (Personal Inclemencies/Visuals Declared)
(STAGE I -
Coordinate)       (Ideogram)         A   across angle up angle
                                         down angle across
                                         angle down
                                         solid
                                     B   Structures

(STAGE II -
Sensory Data)              S2 white
                              warm
                              unclean smell
                                                  AI Break
                                                  Smells
                                                  Gross!
                                                  AOL Break
                                                  Smells like
                                                  dirty air

(STAGE I -
Coordinate)       (Ideogram -
                     multiple)       A   Up angle across angle
                                         down
                                         Solid
                                     B   Structure

                                     A   Angle across angle
                                         down
                                         Solid
                                     B   Structure

                                     A   Flat
                                         Hard
                                     B   Land

(STAGE II)                   S2 grey
                                white
                                rough
                                noisy
                                densely populated - S4 (note
                                this

                                warm    as Stage IV, not II)

                                smell of fumes
                                             Confusion Break
                                             "Thud" or
                                             scraping sound.
                                             Can't tell.
                                tall
                                start   [Note: this is the

(Stage II - Dimensionals)       high     of dimensionals]

                                solid
                                wide
                                             AI Break
                                             Man! This
                                             thing is
                                             really BIG!


                         NEXT PAGE

                                 COORDINATE REMOTE VIEWING


STAGE III
      A.  Concept:

dramatically wider than was the case with either Stage I
         As Stage II progresses the aperture opens

or early Stage II. Dimensionals begin to emerge and the
threshold is reached for the transition into Stage III.
The shift into full Stage III is triggered by aesthetic
impact (see below). It is after this point that the true
dimensionality of the site may begin to be expressed. This
differs from dimensional elements encountered previously,
in that Stage II dimensionals are individual aspects of
the site, while Stage III dimensionality is a composite of
inherent site aspects. The concept of "the viewer's
perspective" must, however, be avoided because in Stage
III the viewer has not yet reached the point where
complete comprehension and appreciation of the size,
shape, and dimensional composition of the overall site can
be ascertained. Generally, the viewer himself is not
precisely aware of his own perceptual relationship to the
site and therefore not consciously aware of the true
relationship of all the dimensional components he is able
to debrief from Stage III. As is discussed in various
sections below, he must rely on the various tools
available in Stage III to obtain and organize the
increased information he is perceiving. Although Stage III
can provide a great deal of information about any given
site, the goal of Stage III is command of structure.
      B.  Definitions:

site.    1. Aesthetic: Sensitivity of response to given


line, etc.
         2. Drawing: The act of representing something by


hazy perception; a model or archetype.
         3. Idea: Mental conception; a vague impression; a

emotions,4.
          sometimes very gross, but may be very weak or
            Impact: A striking together; changes, moods,

very subtle.

mobile.  5. Mobility: The state or quality of being

         6. Motion: The act or process of moving.

mentally through the senses.
         7. Perceptible: That which can be grasped


or inspire by suggestion.
         8. Prompt: To incite to move or to action; move


detailed).
         9. Rendering: Version; translation (often highly


much detail; to describe the principle points (idea) of.
         10. Sketch: To draw the general outline without

evidence,11.
          etc.; to follow with a line.
             To Track: To trace by means of vestiges,

connected12. the visual senses out of which the brain
constructsto Vision: One of the faculties of the sensorum,

           an image.
      C.  Site Requirements:

require significant dimensional components. Locales such
         A site selected for Stage III would logically

as bridges, monuments, airports, unusual natural
formations, etc. are useful Stage III sites.
      D.  The Six Primary Dimensionals:

or more other things; a line connecting two points of
         1. Diagonal: Something that extends between two

intersection of two lines of a figure.

horizon. 2. Horizontal: Parallel to the plane of the


matter.  3. Mass: Extent of whatever forms a body--usually


within things. "Empty distance."
         4. Space: Distance interval or area between or


horizon; highest point/lowest point (i.e., height or
         5. Vertical: Perpendicular to the plane of the

depth).
         6. Volume: A quantity; bulk; mass; or amount.

      E.  Aesthetic Impact:

virtual avalanche of site information begins to impact on
         As the aperture widens rapidly from Stage II, a

the viewer's unconscious. The cumulative effect of all
this detail is to trigger a subjective response from the
viewer. This opening of the aperture and subsequent
subjective response is called Aesthetic Impact (AI) and is
the viewer's subjective emotional response to the site. It
is best described as "how the site makes the viewer feel."
AI may immediately follow two Stage II dimensional
responses, but it will certainly follow three or more. It
may be experienced and expressed in a variety of ways. A
simple exclamation of "Wow!" may be the AI response when
one is suddenly impressed by the immensity of some natural
formation, such as the Grand Canyon or Yosemite's Half
Dome. On the other hand, such a site might just as easily
spark a feeling of vertigo or fear of falling, or cause
one to remark, ":This is really tall (or deep)!". A pulp
mill might trigger an AI reaction of revulsion because of
the nauseating smells. Or a comprehension of the grandeur
or squalor of a site might cause one to have a sudden
appreciate of beauty or ugliness. Other examples of AI
might be claustrophobia, loneliness, fright, pleasantness,
relaxation, enjoyment, etc.

it may often be quite subtle and difficult to recognize.
         AI need not be pronounced to be present; in fact,

It may sometimes be a sudden, mild cognitive recognition
of the abrupt change in perspective, or a slight surprise
or alteration of attitude about the site. Some viewers who
in the past have had little experience with direct contact
with their emotions may have difficulty recognizing that
they experience AI, and may even be convinced it doesn't
happen to them. Such individuals must exercise a great
deal of caution not to sublimate or suppress AI
recognition, and require additional exposure to AI to help
them learn to recognize and declare it appropriately.

the viewer to recognize AI. Body language, eye movement,
         The monitor also has a role to play in helping

and specific speech patterns can all be cues to the
experienced monitor that AI is present. The monitor must
draw the viewer's attention to the existence of an
undeclared AI when he observes the "symptoms" of an AI
unrecognized by the viewer.

and declare (objectify) AI, since how one deals with it
         It is extremely important to properly recognize

can determine the entire course of the session from that
point on. The viewer may not work through AI. Aesthetic
Impact must be recognized, declared, and allowed to
thoroughly dissipate. Should the viewer err and attempt to
work through AI, all information from that point on will
be colored by the subjective filter of the emotional
experience encountered, and AOL Drive and AOL "Peacocking"
(discussed under AOL, below) can be expected to arise.


through Stage II, the viewer begins to debrief a cluster
         AI is dealt with in the following manner. Moving

of two or more basic dimensionals. He suddenly realizes
that the aperture is expanding, and that in conjunction he
is having a subjective emotional reaction to the
site--whether pronounced or mild. He then states aloud as
he objectifies on his paper "AI Break." He then briefly
says aloud and writes on the paper what the AI is.
Declarations can be everything from a simple "Wow!" to
"Disgusting!" to "I like this place" to "Vertigo" to "I
feel sick" to "This is boring" to "I'm impressed by how
tall this is" to "Absolutely massive!". The viewer by
taking this "AI Break" effectively disengages himself
temporarily from the signal line and allows the emotional
response to dissipate. The time required for this can vary
from a few brief seconds for a mild AI to hours for one
that is especially emphatic.

elicit essentially the same response in every individual
         It is important to note that, though many sites

who remote views it, each person is different than every
other and therefore under certain circumstances and with
certain sites AI responses may differ significantly from
viewer to viewer. One example of this that has frequently
been related is a small sandy spit off of Cape Cod,
Massachusetts. One viewer, a highly gregarious woman who
enjoys social interactions, when given the site responded
that it made her feel bleak, lonesome, depressed,
abandoned. On the other hand, a viewer who had spent a
great deal of his time in nature and away from large
numbers of other humans experienced the site as beautiful
and refreshing. Since AI is subjective, such variations
are not unexpected, and under the right circumstances
[are] usually appropriate.

      F.  Motion/Mobility:

recognized as being available to the viewer during Stage
         Two variations of the concept of movement are

III. The first is the idea of motion at the site: an
object or objects at the site may be observed as they
shift position or are displaced from one location to
another. For example, there may be automobile traffic
present, a train moving through the area, or whirling or
reciprocating machinery, etc.

ability possessed by the viewer in Stage III to shift his
         "Mobility," the second movement concept, is the

viewpoint to some extent from point to point about the
site, and from one perspective to another, i.e., further
back, closer up, from above, or below, etc. This ability
makes possible the projection of trackers and sketches as
described below. An additional feature this introduces is
the ability to shift focus of awareness from one site to
another using a polar coordinate concept. This is more
fully explained under Movement/Movement Exercises, which
follows.
      G.  Dimensional Expression on Paper:
         1. Sketches:
the aperturea.
             and after dissipation of AI, the viewer is
               Spontaneous sketches: With the expansion of

prepared to make representations of the site dimensional
aspects with pen on paper. A sketch is a rapidly executed
general idea of the site. In some cases it may be high
representational of the actual physical appearance of the
site, yet in other cases only portions of the site appear.
The observed accuracy or aesthetic qualities of a sketch
are not particularly important. The main function of the
sketch is to stimulate further intimate contact with the
signal line while continuing to aid in the suppression of
the viewer's subjective analytic mental functionings.
Sketches are distinguished from drawings by the convention
that drawings are more deliberate, detailed
representations and are therefore subject to far greater
analytic (and therefore AOL-producing) interpretation in
their execution.

produced using a very carefully controlled analytic
            b. Analytic Sketches: Analytic sketches are

process usually employed only when a satisfactory

spontaneous sketch as described above is not successfully
obtained. An analytic sketch is obtained by first listing
all dimensional responses obtained in the session,
including those contained in the "A" components of the
various Coordinate/I/A/B prompting sequences, in the order
and frequency they manifest themselves on the session
transcript. Each of these dimensional elements apparently
manifests itself in order of its importance to the gestalt
of which it is a part. So, for example, if in the first
"A" component of the session one encounters "across,
rising," thee two would head the list, and their
approximate placement on the paper will be determined by
the viewer before any other. A second list is then
compiled, listing all secondary attributes of the site.
Finally, a list may be made if desired of any significant
"details" that do not fit into the previous two
categories.

viewer's apparatus is not shut off. He must continue to
         In analytic sketching the intuitive part of the

attempt to "feel" the proper placement of the dimensional
elements of the site. In fact, the purpose of this
approach to sketching is to "re-ignite" the viewer's
intuition. As each element on the primary list is taken in
order, the viewer must "feel" the proper position for that
element in relation to the others. If the dimensional
element "round" is listed, it must be determined how a
rounded element fits in with "across," "rising," "flat,"
"wide," "long," and any other dimensional elements that
may have preceded it. When elements from the primary list
are exhausted, the viewer may duplicate the process with
those from the secondary list. If necessary and desirable,
the viewer may proceed to the details list and assign them
their appropriate locations.

on occasion produce an effect known as a tracker. This is
         2. Trackers: Stage III contact with the site may

executed by a series of closely spaced dots or dashed
lines made by pen on paper, and describes a contour,
profile, or other dimensional aspect of the site. Trackers
are formed in a relatively slow and methodical manner. The
viewer holds pen in hand, lifting it off the paper between
each mark made, thereby allowing the autonomic nervous
system, through which the signal line is being channeled,
to determine the placement of each successive mark. While
constructing a tracker, it is possible for the viewer to

spontaneously change from executive the tracker to
executing a sketch, and back again.

sketch/tracker process, an ideogram may spontaneously
         3. Spontaneous Ideograms: At any point in the

occur. This most probably relates to a sub-gestalt of the
site, and should be treated like any other ideogram. It
will produce "A" and "B" components, Stage IIs, and so
forth. Because of the possibility for the occurrence of
these spontaneous ideograms with their potential for
conveying additional important site information, viewers
are strongly counseled to always keep their pen on paper
to the greatest extent practical.
      H.  Movement/Movement Exercises:

involves the ability of the viewer to shift his focus from
         An outgrowth of the viewer mobility concept

one site to other sites using a polar coordinate concept.
This is often termed a "movement" or "movement exercise,"
and is executed thusly. The viewer is given the
coordinates for the base site, and the session proceeds as
normal: I/A/B, Stage IIs, dimensionals, AI to Stage III
sketches/trackers. When the monitor is confident that the
viewer has successfully locked onto this primary site, he
tells the viewer to "prepare for movement." The viewer
accordingly places his pen on the left side of the paper,
indicating he is ready for a new prompting coordinate as
per convention. The monitor then tells the viewer to
acquire the central site. The viewer responds with a very
brief, few-word description of the base site, whereupon
the monitor gives a prompting statement in lieu of the
usual geographic coordinate. This statement includes a
distance and direction from the base site, and is couched
in words as neutral, passive and non-suggestive (therefore
less AOL-inducing) as possible.
site is aBy
          large grey structure, and the secondary site to
            way of example, let us assume that the base

which the viewer's focus is to be moved is 8 1/2 miles
northwest of the base site. The monitor will say "Acquire
the site," to which the viewer responds approximately, "A
large grey structure." The monitor then says "8 1/2 miles
(to the) northwest something should be visible." Just as
he would a geographic coordinate, the viewer objectifies
this phrase by writing it down, places his pen on the
paper to receive the ideogram, and progresses from there

just as if he were processing any other new site.

provided the prompting. He avoided such leading words as,
         Note, however, the very neutral way the monitor

"What do you see 8 1/2 miles northwest?" or "You should be
able to see (hear/feel/smell) something 8 1/2 miles
northwest." Observe also that "motion words" ("move,"
"shift," "go," etc.) were also avoided. Words and
phraseology of either type tends to cause the viewer to
take an active role, directly attempting to perceive the
site instead of letting the signal line bring the
information to him. This sort of active involvement
greatly encourages the development of AOL and other mental
noise effects.

stimulates the analytic component of the mind as little as
         Instead, the passive wording used by the monitor

possible, allowing uncontaminated signal line data to be
received. Examples of acceptable passively framed words
relating to sensory involvement are: "should be visible,"
"hearable," "smellable," "feelable," "tasteable," etc. In
earlier stages sensory-based wording would have been
avoided as a catalyst to AOL. With the widened aperture in
Stage III, however it may be used successfully.

times, starting either from the original base site, or
         This movement technique may be used any number of

from one of the other subsequent sites to which the
viewer's perception has been "moved."

      I.  Analytic Overlay (AOL) in Stage III:

inherent in Stage III, and after appropriate AI, the AOL
         1. AOL Matching: With the expansion in aperture

phenomenon develops to where a viewer's AOL may match or
nearly match the actual signal line impression of the
site. For example, if the site were Westminster Abbey, the
viewer might produce the AOL of Notre Dame cathedral. Or
he might even actually get an image of Westminster Abbey
that nevertheless fills all the criteria for an AOL.
According to theory, the matching AOL is superimposed over
the true signal line. It is however possible with practice
to distinguish the vague parameters of the true signal
line "behind" the bright, distinct, but somewhat
translucent image of the AOL. The viewer must become
proficient at "seeing through" the AOL to the signal line.
Use of "seeing through" here must not be taken to imply

any visual image in the accepted sense of the word, but
rather as a metaphor best describing the perceptory effect
that manifests itself.

Drive becomes a serious concern beginning in Stage III. It
         2. AOL Drive: Although mentioned before, AOL

occurs when the viewer's system is caught up in an AOL to
the extent that the viewer at least temporarily believes
he is on the signal line, even though he is not. When two
or more similar AOLs are observed in close proximity, AOL
drive should be suspected. AOL drive is indicated by one
or more of the following: repeating signals; signal line
ending in blackness; peculiar (for that particular viewer)
participation in the signal line; and/or peacocking.
Causes for AOL drive include accepting a false "B"
component in Stage I; or accepting a false sketch or
undeclared AOL in Stage III. Undeclared AOLs can spawn AOL
drive in all other stages beyond Stage III as well. Once
it is realized that AOL drive is present, the viewer
should take an "AOL/D Break" (as discussed under
STRUCTURE), then review his data to determine at what
point he accepted the AOL as legitimate data. After a
sufficient break the viewer should resume the session with
the data obtained before the AOL drive began. Listed below
are two subspecies of AOL drive.

over and over again as if trapped in a feedback loop.
            a. Ratcheting: The recurrence of the same AOL


right after another, of a series of brilliant AOLs, each
            b. AOL "Peacocking": The rapid unfolding, one

building from one before, analogous to the unfolding of a
peacock's tail.
      J.  Format:
         Following is a sample Stage III format:

                   (FORMAT FOR STAGE III)

                                                          Name
                                                          Date
                                                          Time
           (Personal Inclemencies/Visuals Declared)
(STAGE I -
Coordinate)       (Ideogram)         A   Rising
                                         Angles Across
                                         Downs
                                         Solid
                                     B   Structures

(STAGE II -
Sensory Data)              S2 grey
                              white
                              rough
                              gritty texture
                              noisy
                              mixture of sounds
                              warm
                              moist
                              smell of fumes
                              unclean smell
                              hazy
                              tall (beginning of
                                    dimensionals leading to AI
                                    and Stage III
                                    sketching/tracking)
                              wide
                              long
                              huge

                                           AI BREAK
                                           Wow! I'm dizzy!
(Stage III)             (SKETCH OR TRACKER)
                                           AOL BREAK
                                           Empire State
                                           Building

                                 COORDINATE REMOTE VIEWING


STAGE IV
      A.  Concept:

the viewer has become subject to an enormous flood of
         With the successful accomplishment of Stage III,

information available from the site. Previously, such a
flow of data would have been overwhelming, and those
circumstances in Stages I through III in which the viewer
found himself so inundated would have required the taking
of a "Too Much Break." At this point, however, it becomes
both possible and necessary to 1) establish a systemic
structure to provide for the orderly, consistent
management of the volumes of information that may be
obtained, and
focusing of perceptions on ever finer and finer detail of
               2) facilitate and guide the viewer's

the site. This is accomplished through the use of an
information matrix which is illustrated below. Stage IV is
a refinement and expansion of the previous structure to
facilitate more complete and detailed decoding of the
signal line.
      B.  Definitions:

been defined previously. Those that have not are explained
         Most of the terms used in a Stage IV matrix have

as follows:

feelings of the people at the site or of the viewer.
         1. Emotional Impact: The perceived emotions or

Sometimes the site itself possesses an element of
emotional impact, which is imprinted with long or powerful
associations with human emotional response.

site which have solid, "touchable" impact on the
         2. Tangibles: Objects or characteristics at the

perceptions of the viewer, i.e., tables, chairs, tanks,
liquids, trees, buildings, intense smells, noises, colors,
temperatures, machinery, etc.

perhaps abstract or not specifically defined by tangible
         3. Intangibles: Qualities of the site that are

aspects of the site, such as purposes, non-physical
qualities, categorizations, etc.; i.e., "governmental,"
"foreign," "medical," "church," "administrative,"

"business," "data-processing," "museum," "library," etc.

previously considered term "AOL Matching," AOL/Signal
         4. AOL/S: Virtually synonymous with the

occurs when an AOL produced by the viewer's analytic
mental machinery almost exactly matches the site, and the
viewer can to some extent "look" through the AOL image to
perceive the actual site. The advantage of AOL/S in Stage
IV is that it allows the information to be used without
calling a break. One can ask, "What is this trying to tell
me about the site?" As an example, the viewer may perceive
the Verazzano Narrows Bridge when in fact the site is
actually the George Washington Bridge.

broader meaning here than in Stage III. In Stage IV, more
         5. Dimensionals: "Dimensionals" have an even

detailed and complex dimensionals can be expected and are
now considered to be in structure and therefore more
reliable. "Spired," "twisted," "edged," "partitioned,"
etc. are only a few examples.
      C.  Stage IV Matrix:

management of this information, matrix column headings are
         To provide the necessary structure for coherent

constructed across the top of the paper thusly:

   S-2    D    AI     EI    T   I    AOL        AOL/S

These headings stand for the following:
        1. S-2: Stage II information (sensory
        data).
        2. D: Dimensionals.
        3. AI: Aesthetic Impact.
        4. EI: Emotional Impact.
        5. T: Tangibles.
        6. I: Intangibles.
        7. AOL: Analytic Overlay.
        8. AOL/S: AOL/Signal.
      D.  Session Format and Mechanics:
         As the viewer produces Stage IV responses

(generally single words that describe the concepts
received via the signal line) they are entered in the
matrix under their appropriate categories. The matrix is
filled in left to right, going from the more sense-based
Stage IIs and dimensional towards the ever more refined
information to the right, and top to bottom, following the
natural flow of the signal line. Stage IV information,
similar to that of Stage II, comes to the viewer in
clusters. Some particular aspect of the site will manifest
itself, and the sub-elements pertaining to that aspect
will occur relatively rapidly to the viewer in the general
right-to-left and top-to-bottom pattern just described.
Some degree of vertical spacing can be expected between
such clusters, an indication that each of these clusters
represents a specific portion of the site.

to move slantwise down the page from the upper left to
         Entries in a properly filled-in matrix will tend

lower right with some amount of moving back and forth from
column to column. Stage IIs and dimensionals retain their
importance in site definition, while AOLs and AIs, once
they have been recognized and objectified as such, so not
require a major interruption in the flow of the signal
line as was the case in previous stages. In fact, AOLs now
frequently become closely associated with the site and may
lead directly to "AOL matching," or AOL/Signal, as it is
categorized in the matrix and described above. EI tends to
manifest itself comparatively more slowly than information
in other categories. If people are present, for example,
EI pertaining to them may be effectively retrieved by
placing the pen in the EI column of the matrix. Several
moments of subsequent waiting may then be required for the
signal to build and deliver its available information.
Tangibles will frequently produce immediate sketches or
ideograms, which lead to yet more intimate contact with
the signal line.

information retrieval from the signal line can be
         Some degree of control over the order of

exercised by the viewer, determined by which column he
chooses to set his pen to paper. This acts as a prompting
mechanism to induce the signal line to provide information
pertinent to the column selected. For example, if more
intangibles relating to the site are desired, the pen may
be placed in the "I" column to induce the extraction of
intangible information from the signal line.

  must be taken to accurately decode and record the data as
           The Stage IV process can be very rapid, and care

  it comes. However, if as sometimes happens the signal flow
  should slow, it is recommended that resting the pen on
  paper in the "EI" column may enhance retrieval of "EI"
  information, which in turn may potentially stimulate
  further signal line activity and acquisition.
        E.  Format:
           Following is a sample Stage III format:

                    (FORMAT FOR STAGE IV)

                                                           Name
                                                           Date
                                                           Time
           (Personal Inclemencies/Visuals Declared)
(STAGE I -
Coordinate)       (Ideogram)         A   Rising
                                         Angles Across
                                         Downs Solid
                                     B   Structures

(STAGE II -
Sensory Data)                           S2 rough
                                            smooth
                                            gritty texture
                                            grey
                                            white
                                            red
                                            blue
                                            yellow
                                            orange
                                            clean taste
                                            mixture of smells
                                            warm
                                            bright
                                            noisy
(STAGE II - Dimensionals)                   tall
                                            rounded
                                            wide
                                            long
                                            open

                                                 AI BREAK
                                                 Interesting.
                                                 I like it here.
  (Stage III)                (SKETCH OR TRACKER)
  [STAGE IV]

 S-2   D     AI        EI          T        I       AOL     AOL/S
                               structures
rough
smooth
                                         manmade
      high
      tall
      wide
           AI BREAK
           This is
           neat!
                               doors
                               windows
                                         colorful
                               parapets
                               building
           [SKETCH]
                                         foreign
                                         feeling
                               people
                   somber
                   serious
                   devoted
                   enthusiastic
                                         secular
                                                 AOL BREAK
                                                 A castle
                                                 in a city
                               church

             Notre Dame
             Cathedral


NEXT PAGE

                                 COORDINATE REMOTE VIEWING


STAGE V
      A.  Concept:

thus far discussed in that it does not rely on a direct
         Stage V is unique among the remote viewing stages

link to the signal line to obtain the information
reported. Instead, data is derived through accessing the
information already available below the liminal threshold
in the brain and autonomic nervous system. This
information is deposited in earlier stages when the signal
line passes through the system and "imprints" data on the
brain by causing cognitrons to form through the
rearrangement of the brain's neuronal clusters into the
appropriate patterns, roughly analogous to what occurs in
a computer's memory storage when it receives a data dump.

accessed by a certain prompting methodology. In normal
         Information "stored" in a cognitron can be

brain functioning, cognitrons are induced to deliver up
the information they store through some stimulus delivered
by the brain, much in the same way as a capacitor in an
electronic circuit can be triggered to release its stored
electric charge.

consists of sub-elements which together form the complete
         When properly prompted, the information released

cognitron. For example, the concept "religious" may be
represented by one complete cognitron (cluster of
neurons); each neuron would store a sub-element of that
cognitron. Hence, the cognitron for "religious" could have
neurons storing data for the following elements: "quiet,"
"incense," "harmonious chanting," "bowed heads," "robes,"
"candles," "dimly lit," "reverence," "worship," "respect,"
etc. If attention is paid to what underlies the concept of
"religious" as it is originally evoked in Stage IV, the
sub-elements, which may themselves provide valuable
information far beyond their collective meaning of
"religious," may be broken out and assembled. These
sub-elements as they are brought forth in Stage V are
known as "emanations" ("emanate" literally defined means,
"to issue from a source, to flow forth, to emit, or to
issue").

      B.  Definitions:

or touched. "Objects" can be understood as those physical
         1. Objects: An object is a thing that can be seen

items present at the site that helped cause the cognitron
to form in the viewer's mind and hence prompt his response
of "religious;" i.e., "robes," "candles," "incense," etc.

or quality of a person or thing. "Attributes" applies to
         2. Attributes: An attribute is a characteristic

those characteristics of the site that contributed to
cognitron formation and the aforementioned viewer
response: "quiet," "dimly lit," "echoing," "large," etc.

dealt with in a discussion, study, etc.," "Subjects" are
         3. Subjects: "Subject" is defined as "something

emanations that might serve a nominative function in
describing the site, or be abstract intangibles, or they
could be more specific terms dealing with function,
purpose, nature, activities, inhabitants, etc., of the
site: in the above example, "reverence," "worship,"
"respect," "harmonious chanting," etc.
discourse4.
Closely related to "subjects," "topics" often prove to be
          orTopics:
             of a treatise; a theme for discussion."
                    "Topic" is defined as "a subject of


sub-elements of one or more of the subjects already
listed, and frequently are quite specific: "mass,"
"Catholic," "priest," "communion," and so forth. An
interesting phenomenon to be here considered is that just
as one of the subjects encountered may produce several
topics, a topic itself may in turn be considered as a
subject and produce topics of its own. This construction
appears to be very hierarchical and "fractalized," with
larger cognitrons being subdivided into smaller ones,
which in turn can be further divided, and so on. In fact,
any emanation thus "broken out," or "stage-fived" can
itself often be further "stage-fived," and subdivided into
its own object/attribute/subject/topic categories.
      C.  Format and Structure:

avoid phrases or promptings that might either induce AOL
         Because extreme caution must be exercised to

or otherwise unnecessarily engage the viewer's analytic
mental processes, a sort of "hypo-stimulative" type of
referral system must be used to "target" the viewer. This
is accomplished by dividing the possible types of

emanations obtainable into four categories: objects,
attributes, subjects, and topics, then prompting the
release of subliminally-held information by saying and
writing "Emanations," followed only by a question mark.

look somewhat as follows:
         In actual execution, the Stage V format would

     religious
     objects
     emanations?
     robes
     candles
     incense
                 religious
                 attributes
                 emanations?
                 quiet
                 dimly lit
                 echoing
                 large
                             religious
                             subjects
                             emanations?
                             worship
                             reverence
                             respect
                             harmonious
                             chanting
                                          religious
                                          topics
                                          emanations?
                                          mass
                                          Catholic
                                          priest
                                          communion


written the word or concept being broken out. Directly
         Note the arrangement of the prompters. First is

under it is the particular category to be considered.
Finally comes the word "emanations," followed by a
question mark. This methodology was developed as the best

means of directing a query into the neural "data storage
area" of the subconscious without inadvertent "hinting,"
suggestion, or engagement of analytic processes. The word
"emanations" represents the sub-elements or component
parts of the "religious" cognitron which emerged from the
subconscious as a collective concept for these
sub-elements. Because it possesses the combined neural
energy of the aforementioned components, during Stage IV
the overall cognitron-concept is able to pass into the
conscious awareness of the viewer with relative ease. The
sub-elements themselves, however, have insufficient
impetus to individually break unaided through the Liminal
barrier into the consciousness of the viewer, and must
intentionally be invoked through the Stage V process.

information will probably be derived from attribute or
         It is suspected that the most amount of

topic categories, though at times both object and subject
headings might provide significant volumes of information.
If, as occasionally may happen, all four categories are
prompted and no responses result, it can be supposed that
one of two situations exist: the response being
stage-fived is either already at its lowest form, or it is
really AOL.
      D.  Implications:

the sum total of the information obtained quite validly
         The value of Stage V is readily apparent. Though

might produce the overall cognitron of "religious" in the
context of an RV session, once rendered down to its
sub-elements and details the cognitron produces a wealth
of additional information of use to the analyst.
      E.  Considerations:

cautions to observe. First, one must be aware that not
         The process has a few peculiarities and a few

every cognitron necessarily produces responses for every
category, and in those that do, some categories are
inevitably more heavily represented than others. In
general, the rule is that if the list of words that the
viewer produces under the particular category being
processed does not flow smoothly, regularly, rapidly, and
with obvious spontaneity, the end of accessible
information has been reached. Therefore, if there is a
pause after the last word recorded of more than a few

seconds, the end of the cluster has probably been reached.
On the other hand, if after the original prompting nothing
comes forth spontaneously, there are probably no
accessible emanations pertaining to the cognitron being
processed in that category. For example, if the viewer
just sits with pen on paper, with nothing to objectify
after the viewer has written "religious," "topics" (or
other category), and "emanations?" then topic-type
information was probably not relevant to the formation of
that cognitron. If such a situation should occur either at
the beginning of a category or at the end of one more
productive, the viewer should either on his own or with
encouragement from the monitor declare an end to that
particular category and move on to the next. Usually, the
viewer is intuitively aware when more valid information
remains to be retrieved and when the end of a cluster has
been reached. To sit too long waiting for more information
if none is readily available engages the analytic process
and encourages the generation of AOL.

might at one time or another appear in any one or more of
         The viewer must also be aware that some responses

the category columns. One example frequently given is
"warm." Although one might consider this an attribute of
some object-related word, as a concept of temperature
"warm" could just as well show up in the Object column
itself. "Electronic," on the other hand, is unlikely to be
an object, but could easily fit into attribute, subject or
topic columns.
      F.  Switches:

properly understood in conjunction with the Stage V
         The "switch" is another issue that needs to be

process. Sometimes, the viewer will be busily recording a
string of emanations under a particular category when
suddenly emanations from another category intrude. For
example:
religious
objects
emanations?
robes
candles
hall
quiet

long
dimly lit
echoing...
first, toNotice
          be replaced spontaneously by words more
                that a few "object" words come through at

appropriate to the "attribute" category. This is known as
a "switch"--a point in a Stage V chain where a sudden
switch is made from one category to another. There are
several possible causes for this. The first is that the
viewer has in a sense skipped down a level in detail, and
proceeds to provide sub-elements of information for the
last valid item in the category--in the above example the
words quiet, long, etc., are attributes of "hall," instead
of objects belonging to "religious."

given category are exhausted without the viewer being
         A second possibility is that all emanations of a

conscious of the fact, and emanations from another
category begin to intrude out of proper structure, as
shown below:
robes
candles
soothing
dim
peaceful
decorated

the proper type might manifest themselves, but only
         Finally, it may be the case that no emanations of

intruders from another category, Such a situation would
indicate that no emanations of the sort that would be
expected for the prompted category are present, and that
such emanations were obviously not important in the
formation of the cognitron being Stage-fived.

(after analyzing what has happened) using an alternative
         To deal with a switch, one must task the system

category suggest by the trend in the data line. In other
words, if attributes are produced by the switch, one
should shift to the "attribute" category and re-prompt the
word/cognitron under examination.
      G.  AOL and Stage V:

"objective elements," in that like Stage IIs, these
         Objects and Attributes may be considered

responses are much less likely to spark AOLs. Topics and
Subjects, on the other hand, are "subjective,
informational elements," and require special attention to
avoid AOL contamination.

It is axiomatic in this RV theory system that analytic
         AOL too may lend itself to being "stage-fived."

overlay is generally valid, site-related information which
the analytic centers of the brain have simply taken and
"embroidered" with memory associations and suggestive
imagery. This implies that accurate information can
possibly be derived from an AOL through the Stage V
process. For the purposes of Stage V, these kernels of
valid site-information are called "prior emanations." The
format for "stage-fiving" AOLs is as follows:
AOL mosque
prior emanations?
large
assembly
religious decorations
singing
reverence
scriptures
clergy

AOL, it is important to indicate only "AOL," and not say
         When prompting valid prior emanations from an

or write "AOL Break" as the viewer has been conditioned to
do in most other circumstances involving AOL, since the
word "break" is intended both to disengage the viewer from
the signal line and to inform the viewer's system that the
material occasioning the "break" was not desirable.

"stage-fiving" an AOL tend to be a mixture of the four
         The prior emanations that result from

Stave V categories, selected words of which could
presumably further be "stage-fived."
course ofFinally, V cluster, which it sometimes is, it
          a Stage when normal AOL is encountered in the

should be declared according to the normal practice, and
the category re-prompted. If deemed appropriate, such AOL
could no doubt also be subjected to Stage V reduction.
      H.  Format:
         A sample format for Stage V follows:

                     (FORMAT FOR STAGE V)

                                                          Name
                                                          Date
                                                          Time
           (Personal Inclemencies/Visuals Declared)
(STAGE I -
Coordinate)       (Ideogram)          A  Rising
                                         Angles Across
                                         Downs Solid
                                      B  Structures

(STAGE II -
Sensory Data)                           S2 rough
                                           smooth
                                           gritty texture
                                           grey
                                           white
                                           red
                                           blue
                                           yellow
                                           orange
                                           clean taste
                                           mixture of smells
                                           warm
                                           bright
                                           noisy
(STAGE II - Dimensionals)                  tall
                                           rounded
                                           wide
                                           long
                                           open

                                               AI BREAK
                                               Interesting.
                                               I like it here.
(Stage III)               (SKETCH OR TRACKER)
[STAGE IV]

 S-2    D     AI        EI        T        I      AOL    AOL/S
                               structure

rough
smooth
                                       manmade
      high
      tall
      wide
          AI BREAK
          This is
          neat!
                              doors
                              windows
                                       colorful
                              parapets
                              building
          [SKETCH]
                                       foreign
                                       feeling
                              people
                  somber
                  serious
                  devoted
                  enthusiastic
                                       secular
                                               AOL BREAK
                                               A castle
                                               in a city
                              church

 (STAGE V)
 religious
 objects
 emanations?
 robes
 candles
 incense

religious
attributes
emanations?
quiet
dimly lit
echoing
large
           religious
           subjects
           emanations?
           worship
           reverence
           respect
           harmonious
           chanting
                      religious
                      topics
                      emanations?
                      mass
                      Catholic
                      priest
                      communion
                      .
                      AOL mosque
                      prior emanations?
                      large
                      assembly
                      religious decorations
                      singing
                      reverence
                      scriptures
                      clergy


           NEXT PAGE

                                 COORDINATE REMOTE VIEWING


STAGE VI
      A.  Concept:

of the site. As such, it is in a sense the continuation of
         Stage VI involves the three-dimensional modeling

expression of the site's physical characteristics begun in
Stage III. Stage VI modeling is a kinesthetic activity
which appears to both quench the desire to produce AOL and
act as a prompt to produce further information relating to
the site--including not just the physical aspects being
modeled, but other elements not directly associated with
the modeling itself.
      B.  Functions of Modeling:
         Stage VI, modeling, has two functions:

describing the site with 3-dimensional materials, which
         1. Kinesthetic interaction with the site by
facilitates the assessment of relative temporal* and
spatial dimensional elements of the site, and;

effectively lowers the liminal threshold of the viewer by
         2. Kinesthetic interaction with the site which

narrowing the RVer's attention field to specific locales
(time/space). (Kinesthetic activity is space/time
activity, such as moving an object from point A to point
B. Not only has the object moved in space, it has also

universe is because of kinesthetic activity.)
taken time to make the move. Everything in the physical

* NOTE: An example of relative temporal assessment would
be describing a site as being contemporary and modern,
with an old world ambience, which the people of today
visit to understand the past.
      C.  RV Modality:

remote viewing--the detect mode and the decode mode. The
         There are two types of kinesthetic activities in

detect mode includes those behaviors that act as
progressively engineered stimuli to the RVer, which in
Stage I involves writing the coordinate and in Stage III
involves the rendering of a sketch, drawing, or tracker.
In Stage VI this mode is represented by 3-dimensional

model constructing. Decode kinesthetics, on the other
hand, are objectifications which act as responses to the
stimuli of the detect mode. Representing the decode mode
are the Stage I ideogram, Stage II basics, Stage III
dimensionals, the Stage IV matrix, and the Stage VI
matrix, all of which are produced from the signal line.
Stage V is neither detect nor decode as Stage V
information comes from cognitrons formed subconsciously
rather than from the signal line.
      D.  Discussion:

through the earlier Stages, his contact with the site is
         According to theory, as the viewer proceeds

enhanced in quality and increased in extent. Stage VI
involves the viewer in direct 3-dimensional modeling and
assessment of the site and/or the relationship of Site "T"
elements, one to another.

junctures: after completion of Stage IV and/or Stage V. It
         Stage VI may be engaged at several different

can also be entered when Stage IV has stabilized,
appropriate AI has been encountered and dealt with, and
the viewer has become localized on a specific aspect of
the site. Because Stage IV data is collected by "winking"
around the site, thereby providing incongruent
information, the stabilization/localization must occur
prior to Stage VI. After the Stage IV "T" has been
modeled, the session can proceed moving to Stage V or be
continuing further with Stage VI.
      E.  Session Mechanics:

Stage VI the viewer places in front of him the modeling
         As soon as the decision is made to proceed into

material (usually clay) that has been kept nearby since
the start of the session. At the same time, he also takes
a blank piece of paper and writes a Stage VI Matrix on it.
As the viewer proceeds to manipulate the modeling material
into the form(s), dimensions, and relationships that
"feel" right to him, he maintains as his concentrated
effort the perception of the site details that are freed
to emerge into his consciousness by the kinesthetic
experience of the modeling process. These site data are
recorded in their appropriate columns on the matrix as the
Stage VI portion of the session continues.
         1. Matrix: The Stage VI Matrix is identical in

  form to the Stage IV Matrix:

     S-2    D    AI     EI    T   I    AOL        AOL/S

  However, it is labeled "Stage VI" for both record keeping
  purposes and because that matrix pertains to a specific
  locale in time/space and not the entire site.

  constructs the Stage VI Matrix, sets it aside, constructs
           2. Considerations: In practice, the viewer

  a 3-dimensional model of Stage IV "T's," and records
  information perceived from the signal line. During the
  modeling process, the viewer must:

  the model) and the information which will begin to slow as
              a) Focus his awareness on the signal line (not

  the model is constructed, and;

  prepared Stage VI Matrix. The viewer must keep in mind
              b) Objectify that information within the

  that the model does not have to be a precise or accurate
  rendering. It is the objectified information resulting
  from the modeling that is IMPORTANT.
        F.  Format:

  session: Following is the format for a typical Stage VI


                    (FORMAT FOR STAGE VI)

                                                           Name
                                                           Date
                                                           Time
           (Personal Inclemencies/Visuals Declared)
(STAGE I -
Coordinate)       (Ideogram)         A   Rising
                                         Angles Across
                                         Downs Solid
                                     B   Structures

(STAGE II -
Sensory Data)                           S2 rough
                                           smooth
                                           gritty texture
                                           grey
                                           white
                                           red
                                           blue
                                           yellow
                                           orange
                                           clean taste
                                           mixture of smells
                                           warm
                                           bright
                                           noisy
(STAGE II - Dimensionals)                  tall
                                           rounded
                                           wide
                                           long
                                           open

                                              AI BREAK
                                              Interesting.
                                              I like it here.
(Stage III)               (SKETCH OR TRACKER)
[STAGE IV]

 S-2    D     AI        EI        T       I       AOL   AOL/S
                              structure
rough
smooth
                                       manmade
       high
       tall
       wide
           AI BREAK
           This is
           neat!
                              doors
                              windows

                                      colorful
                             parapets
                             building
         [SKETCH]
                                      foreign
                                      feeling
                             people
                 somber
                 serious
                 devoted
                 enthusiastic
                                      secular
                                              AOL BREAK
                                              A castle
                                              in a city
                             church

(STAGE V)
religious
objects
emanations?
robes
candles
incense
            religious
            attributes
            emanations?
            quiet
            dimly lit
            echoing
            large

                            religious
                            subjects
                            emanations?
                            worship
                            reverence
                            respect
                            harmonious
                            chanting
                                        religious
                                        topics
                                        emanations?
                                        mass
                                        Catholic
                                        priest
                                        communion
                                        .
                                        AOL mosque
                                        prior emanations?
                                        large
                                        assembly
                                        religious decorations
                                        singing
                                        reverence
                                        scriptures
                                        clergy

      (STAGE VI - this matrix is filled in while viewer is
      constructing the model)
                            STAGE VI
 S-2     D           AI        EI     T           I       AOL AOL/S
                                  church
                                  hand-hewn
                                  stones
grey
rough
     very large

                                      very old
                                      war damaged
                            monument
                                      dreary climate
                                      international
                                      feeling
                            rubble
                            separate
                            structure
tall
straight
rectangular
high
wide
           AI BREAK
           This
           is really neat!
           It feels very
           familiar.
                                      modern
                                      same purpose
                                      as other
                                      structure
                            church
                                                       New
                                                       church
                                                       and
                                                       old
                                                       church
                                                       are
                                                       the
                                                       same
                                      cosmopolitan
                                      atmosphere
                                      war
                                      atrocities

* Viewer's Summary: Site is composed of two churches. One church,
which is old and made of hand-hewn stones, has been damaged by war.
There is a lot of rubble around it. The new church is very modern in
design. Both are located in an area with a cosmopolitan atmosphere
and an international flavor. The older church as been left as a
monument to remind the people of today of the war atrocities of the
past. The new church now serves the same purpose as the older church
did at one time--a house of worship.
* NOTE: At the end of a session, the viewer will often produce a
short summary of the data contained in session structure as an aid
in tying together the information derived from the signal line.
FEEDBACK NOTE: Site is the new Kaiser Wilhelm Church and the
war-torn older Kaiser Wilhelm Church, which are side-by-side in
Berlin, Germany. The older church, demolished by bombing during
World War II, has been left to stand as a monument and a reminder to
all who visit.


                            NEXT PAGE

                                  COORDINATE REMOTE VIEWING


GLOSSARY

                                      A  B          Ejump
                                                        Fto:
                                                           G
                                      H  I  J
                                            CYouK
                                                DcanL  M  N
                                      O  P  Q   R  S   T  U
                                            V   W   X   Y  Z
A
"A" Component: The "feeling/motion" component of the
ideogram. The "feeling/motion" is essentially the
impression of the physical consistency (hard, soft, solid,
fluid, gaseous, etc.) and contour/shape/motion of the
site. For example, the monitor has selected, unknown to
the viewer, a mountain as the trainee's site. At the
iteration of the coordinate, the trainee produces an
appropriate ideogram, and responds verbally, at the same
time as he writes it: "Rising up, peak, down." This is the
"motion" sensation he experienced as his pen produced the
ideogram. He then says "solid," having experienced the
site as being solid as opposed to fluid or airy. This is
the "feeling" component of the Stage 1 process. There are
at least five possible types of feelings: solidity,
liquidity, energetic, airiness (that is, where there is
more air space than anything else, such as some suspension
bridges might manifest), and temperature. Other feeling
descriptors are possible, but encountered only in rare
circumstances and connected with unusual sites. These
components and how they are expressed in structure will be
discussed more fully below. Though in discussions of
theory this aspect is usually address as "feeling/motion,"
it will normally be the case in actual session work that
the motion aspect is decoded first with the feeling
portion coming second.
AOL ("Analytic Overlay"): The analytic response of the
viewer's mind to signal line input. An AOL is usually
wrong, especially in early stages, but often does possess

signal line; hence, a light house may produce an AOL of
valid elements of the site[5] that are contained in the

"factory chimney" because of its tall, cylindrical shape.
AOLs may be recognized in several ways. First, if there is
a comparator present ("it looks like...", "it's sort

of...", etc.) the information present will almost
inevitably be an AOL, and should always be treated as one.
Secondly, a mental image that is sharp, clear, and
static--that is, there is no motion present in it, and in
fact it appears virtually to be a mental photograph of the

the "B" component in Stage I coordinate remote viewing, or
site--is also certainly AOL.[6] Hesitation in production of

a response that is out of structure anywhere in the
system[7] are also generally sure indicators that AOL is
present. Finally, the monitor or viewer can frequently
detect AOL by the inflection of the viewer's voice or
other micro behaviors.[8] Data delivered as a question
rather than a statement should be recognized as usually
being AOL.

them as soon as they are recognized, and writing "AOL
          AOLs are dealt with by declaring/objectifying

Break" on the right side of the paper, then writing a
brief description of the AOL immediately under that. This
serves to acknowledge to the viewer's system that the AOL
has been recognized and duly recorded and that it is not
what is desired, thereby purging the system of unwanted
noise and debris and allowing the signal line in its
purity to be acquired and decoded properly.
    AOL Matching: With the expansion in aperture
    inherent in Stage III, and after appropriate AI,
    the AOL phenomenon develops to where a viewer's
    AOL may match or nearly match the actual signal
    line impression of the site. For example, if the
    site were Westminster Abbey, the viewer might
    produce the AOL of Notre Dame cathedral. Or he
    might even actually get an image of Westminster
    Abbey that nevertheless fills all the criteria
    for an AOL. According to theory, the matching AOL
    is superimposed over the true signal line. It is
    however possible with practice to distinguish the
    vague parameters of the true signal line "behind"
    the bright, distinct, but somewhat translucent
    image of the AOL. The viewer must become
    proficient at "seeing through" the AOL to the
    signal line. Use of "seeing through" here must
    not be taken to imply any visual image in the
    accepted sense of the word, but rather as a
    metaphor best describing the perceptory effect
    that manifests itself.

    AOL/S: Virtually synonymous with the previously
    considered term "AOL Matching," AOL/Signal occurs
    when an AOL produced by the viewer's analytic
    mental machinery almost exactly matches the site,
    and the viewer can to some extent "look" through
    the AOL image to perceive the actual site. The
    advantage of AOL/S in Stage IV is that it allows
    the information to be used without calling a
    break. One can ask, "What is this trying to tell
    me about the site?" As an example, the viewer may
    perceive the Verazzano Narrows Bridge when in
    fact the site is actually the George Washington
    Bridge.
AOL Drive: Although mentioned before, AOL Drive becomes a
serious concern beginning in Stage III. It occurs when the
viewer's system is caught up in an AOL to the extent that
the viewer at least temporarily believes he is on the
signal line, even though he is not. When two or more
similar AOLs are observed in close proximity, AOL drive
should be suspected. AOL drive is indicated by one or more
of the following: repeating signals; signal line ending in
blackness; peculiar (for that particular viewer)
participation in the signal line; and/or peacocking.
Causes for AOL drive include accepting a false "B"
component in Stage I; or accepting a false sketch or
undeclared AOL in Stage III. Undeclared AOLs can spawn AOL
drive in all other stages beyond Stage III as well. Once
it is realized that AOL drive is present, the viewer
should take an "AOL/D Break" (as discussed under
STRUCTURE), then review his data to determine at what
point he accepted the AOL as legitimate data. After a
sufficient break the viewer should resume the session with
the data obtained before the AOL drive began. Listed below
are two subspecies of AOL drive.
    Ratcheting: The recurrence of the same AOL over
    and over again as if trapped in a feedback loop.
    AOL "Peacocking": The rapid unfolding, one right
    after another, of a series of brilliant AOLs,
    each building from one before, analogous to the
    unfolding of a peacock's tail.
Aesthetic: Sensitivity of response to given site.
Aperture: An opening or open space; hole, gap, cleft,

chasm, slit. In radar, the electronic gate that controls
the width and dispersion pattern of the radiating signal
or wave.
Attributes: An attribute is a characteristic or quality of
a person or thing. "Attributes" applies to those
characteristics of the site that contributed to cognitron
formation and the aforementioned viewer response: "quiet,"
"dimly lit," "echoing," "large," etc.
Auditory: Of or pertaining to hearing, to the sense of
hearing, or to the organs of hearing. Perceived through or
resulting from the sense of hearing.
B
"B" Component: The first (spontaneous) analytic response
to the ideogram and "A" component.
Breaks: The mechanism developed to allow the system to be
put on "hold," providing the opportunity to flush out
AOLs, deal with temporary inclemencies, or make system
adjustments, allowing a fresh start with new momentum.
Break (Break): If at any point in the system the viewer
must take a break that does not fit into any of the other
categories, a "Break" is declared. It has been recommended
that a break not be taken if the signal line is coming
through strong and clear. If the break is extensive--say
for twenty minutes or more, it is appropriate to objectify
"Resume" andThe
"AOL Break," "AIviewer
             the time at the point of resumption.

                 Break," "Bilo Break," etc., as
                       declares a break by objectifying

appropriate, usually in the right hand margin of the
paper. Immediately underneath he briefly objectifies in
one or a few words the cause or content of what occasioned
the necessity for a break.
There are seven types of breaks:
    AOL Break: As mentioned above, allows the signal
    line to be put on hold while AOL is expelled from
    the system.
    Confusion Break (often, "Conf Bk"): When the
    viewer becomes confused by events in his
    environment or information in the signal line to
    the degree that impressions he is receiving are
    hopelessly entangled, a Confusion Break is

    called. Whatever time necessary is allowed for
    the confusion to dissipate, and when necessary
    the cause for confusion is declared much like it
    is done with AOL. The RV process is then resumed
    with an iteration of the coordinate.
    Too Much Break ("TM Break"): When too much
    information is provided by the signal line all at
    once for the viewer to handle, a "Too Much Break"
    is called and written down (objectified), telling
    the system to slow down and supply information in
    order of importance. After the overload is
    dissipated, the viewer may resume from the break,
    normally with the reiteration of the coordinates.
    A too much break is often indicated by an overly
    elaborate ideogram or ideograms.
    Aesthetic Impact Break ("AI Break"): Will be
    discussed in conjunction with Stage III.
    AOL Drive Break (AOL-D Bk): This type of break
    becomes necessary when an AOL or related AOLs
    have overpowered the system and are "driving" the
    process (as evidenced by the recurrence of a
    specific AOL two or more times), producing
    nothing but spurious information.[10] Once the
    AOL-Drive is objectified, the break time taken
    will usually need to be longer than that for a
    normal AOL to allow the viewer to fully break
    contact and allow to dissipate the objectionable
    analytic loop.
    Bi-location Break (Bilo Bk): When the viewer
    perceives he is too much absorbed in and
    transferred to the site and cannot therefore
    appropriately debrief and objectify site
    information, or that he is too aware of and
    contained within the here-and-now of the remote
    viewing room, only weakly connected with the
    signal line, a Bilo break must be declared and
    objectified to allow the viewer to back out, and
    then get properly recoupled with the signal line
    again.[11]
C
Coding/Encoding/Decoding: The information conveyed on the
signal line is "encoded," that is translated into an

information system (a code) allowing data to be
"transmitted" by the signal line. Upon receiving the
signal, the viewer must "decode" this information through
proper structure to make it accessible. This concept is
very similar to radio propagation theory, in which the
main carrier signal is modulated to convey the desired
information.
Coordinate Remote Viewing (CRV): The process of remote
viewing using geographic coordinates for cueing or
prompting.
D
Dimension: Extension in a single line or direction as
length, breadth and thickness or depth. A line has one
dimension, length. A plane has two dimensions, length and
breadth. A solid or cube has three dimensions, length,
breadth and thickness.
Dimensionals: "Dimensionals" have a broader meaning in
Stage IV than in Stage III. In Stage IV, more detailed and
complex dimensionals can be expected and are now
considered to be in structure and therefore more reliable.
"Spired," "twisted," "edged," "partitioned," etc. are only
a few examples.
Drawing: The act of representing something by line, etc.
E
Emotional Impact: The perceived emotions or feelings of
the people at the site or of the viewer. Sometimes the
site itself possesses an element of emotional impact,
which is imprinted with long or powerful associations with
human emotional response.
Evoking: (Evoke: "to call forth or up; to summon; to call
forth a response; elicit.") Iteration of the coordinate or
alternate prompting method is the mechanism which "evokes"
the signal line, calling it up, causing it to impinge on
the autonomic nervous system and unconsciousness for
transmittal through the viewer and on to objectification
(discussed at length in STRUCTURE).
F
Feedback: Those responses provided during the session to
the viewer to indicate if he has detected and properly

decoded site-relevant information; or, information
provided at some point after completion of the RV session
or project to "close the loop"
    Correct (abbreviated "C"): The data bit presented
    by the trainee viewer is assessed by the monitor
    to be a true component of the site.
    Probably Correct ("PC"): Data presented cannot be
    fully assessed by the monitor as being accurate
    site information, but it would be reasonable to
    assume because of its nature that the information
    is valid for the site.
    Near Site ("N"): Data objectified by the viewer
    are elements of objects or locations near the
    site.
    Can't Feed Back ("CFB"): Monitor has insufficient
    feedback information to evaluate data produced by
    the viewer.
    Site ("S"): Tells the former that he has
    successfully acquired and debriefed the site. In
    elementary training sessions, this usually
    signifies the termination of the session. At
    later stages, when further information remains to
    be derived from the site, the session may
    continue on beyond full acquisition of the site.
    Silence: When information objectified by the
    trainee viewer is patently incorrect, the monitor
    simply remains silent, which the viewer may
    freely interpret as an incorrect response.

    which this system is based, the intent is to
                In line with the learning theory upon

    avoid reinforcing any negative behavior or
    response. Therefore, there is no feedback for an
    incorrect response; and any other feedback
    information is strictly limited to those as
    defined above.
    above refersIt
    process. Later stages do away with in-session
                 toshould
                    earlier stages of the training
                          be noted here that the


    feedback to the viewer, and at even later stages
    the monitor himself is denied access to any site
    information or feedback until the session is
    over.

G
Gestalt: A unified whole; a configuration, pattern, or
organized field having specific properties that cannot be
derived from the summation of its component parts.
    Major Gestalt: The overall impression presented
    by all elements of the site taken for their
    composite interactive meaning. The one concept
    that more than all others would be the best
    description of the site.
I
I/A/B Sequence: The core of all CRV structure, the "I/A/B"
sequence is the fundamental element of Stage I, which is

further site detection and decoding in subsequent CRV
itself in turn the foundation for site acquisition[2] and

stages. The sequence is composed of an ideogram (the "I"),
which is a spontaneous graphic representation of the
site's major gestalt; the "A" component or
"feeling/motion" involved in the ideogram; and the "B"
component, or first analytic response to the signal line.
(A full discussion may be found in the Stage I section
below.)
Idea: Mental conception; a vague impression; a hazy
perception; a model or archetype.
Ideogram: The "I" component of the I/A/B sequence. The
ideogram is the spontaneous graphic representation of the
major gestalt, manifested by the motion of the viewer's
pen on paper, which motion is produced by the impingement
of the signal line on the autonomic nervous system and the
reflexive transmission of the resultant nervous energy to
the muscles of the viewer's hand and arm. The objectified
ideogram has no "scale;" that is, the size of the ideogram
relative to the paper seems to have no relevance to the
actual size of any component at the site.
Impact: A striking together; changes, moods, emotions,
sometimes very gross, but may be very weak or very subtle.
Inclemencies: Personal considerations that might degrade
or even preclude psychic functioning. Muscle pains, colds,
allergies, menstrual cramps, hangovers, mental and
emotional stress, etc., could cause increased difficulty
to the viewer in accessing the signal line, but could be

"worked through," and ultimately are only minor nuisances.
Only hunger and a pressing need to eliminate body wastes
cause the system to totally not function. It is important,
though, that the viewer identify and declare any
inclemencies either at the first of the session or as they
are recognized, since unattended agendas such as these can
color or distort the viewer's functioning if not
eliminated from the system through objectification (see
below). Preferably, the monitor will ask the viewer if he
has any personal inclemencies even before the first
iteration of the coordinate so as to purge the system as
much as possible before beginning the session proper.
Intangibles: Qualities of the site that are perhaps
abstract or not specifically defined by tangible aspects
of the site, such as purposes, non-physical qualities,
categorizations, etc.; i.e., "governmental," "foreign,"
"medical," "church," "administrative," "business,"
"data-processing," "museum," "library," etc.
M
Matrix: Something within which something else originates
or takes form or develops. A place or point of origin or
growth.
Mobility: The state or quality of being mobile.
Monitor: The individual who assists the viewer in a remote
viewing session. The monitor provides the coordinate,
observes the viewer to help insure he stays in proper
structure (discussed below), records relevant session
information, provides appropriate feedback when required,
and provides objective analytic support to the viewer as
necessary.[4] The monitor plays an especially important
role in training beginning viewers.
Motion: The act or process of moving.
O
Objects: An object is a thing that can be seen or touched.
"Objects" can be understood as those physical items
present at the site that helped cause the cognitron to
form in the viewer's mind and hence prompt his response of
"religious;" i.e., "robes," "candles," "incense," etc.
Objectification: The act of physically saying out loud and
writing down information. In this methodology,

objectification serves several important functions. First,
it allows the information derived from the signal line to
be recorded and expelled from the system, freeing the
viewer to receive further information and become better in
tune with the signal line. Secondly, it makes the system
independently aware that its contributions have been
acknowledged and recorded. Thirdly, it allows re-input of
the information into the system as necessary for further
prompting. In effect, objectification "gives reality" to
the signal line and the information it conveys. Finally,
objectification allows non-signal line derived material
(inclemencies, AOLs, etc.) that might otherwise clutter
the system and mask valid signal line data to be expelled.
P
Perceptible: That which can be grasped mentally through
the senses.
Prompt: To incite to move or to action; move or inspire by
suggestion.
R
Remote Viewer: Often referred to in the text simply as
"viewer," the remote viewer is a person who employs his
mental faculties to perceive and obtain information to
which he has no other access and of which he has no
previous knowledge concerning persons, places, events, or
objects separated from him by time, distance, or other
intervening obstacles.
Remote Viewing (RV): The name of a method of

SRI-International[2] and defined as "the acquisition and
psychoenergetic perception.[1] A term coined by

description, by mental means, of information blocked from
ordinary perception by distance, shielding or time."[3]
Rendering: Version; translation (often highly detailed).
S
Self-Correcting Characteristic: The tendency of the
ideogram to re-present itself if improperly or
incompletely decoded. If at the iteration of the
coordinate an ideogram is produced and then decoded with
the wrong "A" & "B" components, or not completely decoded,
upon the next iteration of the coordinate the same
ideogram will appear, thereby informing the viewer that he

has made an error somewhere in the procedure. On rare
occasions, the ideogram will be re-presented even when it
has been properly decoded. This almost inevitably occurs
if the site is extremely uniform, such as the middle of an
ocean, a sandy desert, glacier, etc., where nothing else
but one single aspect is present.
Sense: Any of the faculties, as sight, hearing, smell,
taste, or touch, by which man perceives stimuli
originating from outside or inside the body.
Sensory: Of or pertaining to the senses or sensations.
Signal: Something that incites into action; an immediate
cause or impulse. In radio propagation theory, the carrier
wave that is received by the radio or radar receiving set.
Signal Line: The hypothesized train of signals emanating
from the Matrix (discussed below) and perceived by the
remote viewer, which transports the information obtained
through the remote viewing process.
Sketch: To draw the general outline without much detail;
to describe the principle points (idea) of.
Subjects: "Subject" is defined as "something dealt with in
a discussion, study, etc.," "Subjects" are emanations that
might serve a nominative function in describing the site,
or be abstract intangibles, or they could be more specific
terms dealing with function, purpose, nature, activities,
inhabitants, etc., of the site: in the above example,
"reverence," "worship," "respect," "harmonious chanting,"
etc.
T
Tactile: Of, pertaining to, endowed with, or affecting the
sense of touch. Perceptible to the touch; capable of being
touched; tangible.
Tangibles: Objects or characteristics at the site which
have solid, "touchable" impact on the perceptions of the
viewer, i.e., tables, chairs, tanks, liquids, trees,
buildings, intense smells, noises, colors, temperatures,
machinery, etc.
Topics: "Topic" is defined as "a subject of discourse or
of a treatise; a theme for discussion." Closely related to
"subjects," "topics" often prove to be sub-elements of one

or more of the subjects already listed, and frequently are
quite specific: "mass," "Catholic," "priest," "communion,"
and so forth. An interesting phenomenon to be here
considered is that just as one of the subjects encountered
may produce several topics, a topic itself may in turn be
considered as a subject and produce topics of its own.
This construction appears to be very hierarchical and
"fractalized," with larger cognitrons being subdivided
into smaller ones, which in turn can be further divided,
and so on. In fact, any emanation thus "broken out," or
"stage-fived" can itself often be further "stage-fived,"
and subdivided into its own object/attribute/subject/topic
categories.
Track: To trace by means of vestiges, evidence, etc.; to
follow with a line.
V
Vision: One of the faculties of the sensorum, connected to
the visual senses out of which the brain constructs an
image.
W
Wave: A disturbance or variation that transfers itself and
energy progressively from point to point in a medium or in
space in such a way that each particle or element
influences the adjacent ones and that may be in the form
of an elastic deformation or of a variation of level or
pressure, of electric or magnetic intensity, of electric
potential, or of temperature.


                        NEXT PAGE

                                                COORDINATE REMOTE VIEWING


.
                                    THE END.
PJ's Ending Notes:

This has nothing to do with the manual really.

However, for those concerned about such issues of propriety, be aware that
Psi-Tech Corp. (c/o VP Jonina Dourif) has threatened to sue me over the
posting of this CRV Manual.

Since Mr. Dames and Ms. Dourif are well known 'behind the scenes' in the RV
field for being highly litigious, many of us decided long ago that our response
to such things would be to publicly post such correspondence on the WWW, so
the public would be aware of it.

It is my personal contention that the reason Psi-Tech has taken offense at the
posting of this manual is less related to the document than it is to the
document providing evidence that Psi-Tech has been less than honest in their
dealings with the public.

For instance, it proves that a great deal of public slander and discrediting of
other legitimate remote viewers (competition) which has been done by Ed
Dames, based on his supposedly unique and superior methods, has zero basis
in reality. It proves that his "TRV" methods are in fact not unique and are
boldly plagiarized from Ingo Swann, renamed and sold as his own invention. It
proves that these methods have been advertised and sold to the public under
less than completely honest pretenses (and there's a whole subject itself on
that point).

The posting of this manual could, as a result, be detrimental to the public
image of Psi-Tech. However, since a history of shockingly malicious public and
private behavior by the two principals of the firm, and many other events
which normally harm businesses have not apparently impeded Psi-Tech's
success, I trust that this manual will not either.

If you would like to view the correspondence relating to this claim of copyright
infringement, you can find it here:

http://www.firedocs.com/remoteviewing/answers/crvmanual/claims1.html

For the record, the CRV manual was created in and dated 1986. It was written
by Paul H. Smith [Major, ret.], based on the methods of Mr. Ingo Swann. It
was a work for hire: by SRI-I (who paid Swann for proprietary methods
development) and the DIA (who paid Smith to write the manual). Either the
document was classified (provoking the question of why Mr. Dames was
disseminating it publicly six years before the project was declassified), and that
would make it government property, or it was unclassified, which puts it
squarely in the public domain. (The U.S. Gov't cannot copyright; they can only
classify. Copyrights, unlike trademarks, are not upheld on first-filed basis, but
on the circumstance and date of original creation.)

If there is anybody else who would like to sue me because they believe they
have a right to "own" the manual despite it being a public document years
prior to their claim--and I realize that a number of people have utilized this
manual for years so there might be someone--please contact me at
palyne@firedocs.com. Thank you.


PJ Gaenir


                          Back to Firedocs Entrance
                     Back to the CRV Manual Entrance

                                                       COORDINATE REMOTE VIEWING


.
                                       CLAIMS1.HTML
A file of correspondence related to the copyright
infringement claims made by Psi-Tech, Inc. against Palyne
"PJ" Gaenir and the Firedocs web site. Internet email
headers included. Items are in date order.
Received: from imo18.mx.aol.com (imo18.mx.aol.com [198.81.17.8])
by zmatrix.com (8.8.5/8.8.5) with ESMTP id NAA07642;
Sun, 5 Jul 1998 13:35:56 -0600 (MDT)
From: JoniDourif@aol.com
Received: from JoniDourif@aol.com
by imo18.mx.aol.com (IMOv14_b1.1) id QDZMa29473;
Sun, 5 Jul 1998 15:35:08 -0400 (EDT)
Message-ID: <6d3d9244.359fd56d@aol.com>
Date: Sun, 5 Jul 1998 15:35:08 EDT
To: fire@zmatrix.com, PJ@zmatrix.com
Cc: t.blair-k.liu@worldnet.att.net
Mime-Version: 1.0
Subject: PSI TECH CRV Copyrighted Manual
Content-type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII
Content-transfer-encoding: 7bit
X-Mailer: AOL 4.0 for Windows 95 sub 170
X-UIDL: 71a3652af78db1db94115a6f6f8dde69

Dear Ms. Ganier:

You obviously have taken a PSI TECH copyrighted property and reproduced it
without the PSI TECH stamp. This does not change the fact the written material
is a PSI TECH Copyrighted document -- and has been so, since 1989.

Regardless, of your opinion of the chronology of events; you cannot break laws
due to misinterpretation, especially after being warned.

Take the document down unless you are prepared to fight PSI TECH in court.

Jonina Dourif
PSI TECH, VP

JoniDourif@aol.com
JoniDourif@trv-psitech.co
310-657-9829

Received: from imo16.mx.aol.com (imo16.mx.aol.com [198.81.17.6])
by zmatrix.com (8.8.5/8.8.5) with ESMTP id OAA20653;
Sun, 5 Jul 1998 14:38:54 -0600 (MDT)
From: JoniDourif@aol.com
Received: from JoniDourif@aol.com
by imo16.mx.aol.com (IMOv14_b1.1) id QZNSa27696;
Sun, 5 Jul 1998 16:38:12 -0400 (EDT)
Message-ID: <e0648659.359fe435@aol.com>
Date: Sun, 5 Jul 1998 16:38:12 EDT
To: fire@zmatrix.com, PJ@zmatrix.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Subject: Fwd: PSI TECH CRV Copyrighted Manual
boundary="part0_899671092_boundary"
X-Mailer: AOL 4.0 for Windows 95 sub 170
X-UIDL: 002f3adea7189d5e828df79d33921a1c

Content-ID: <0_899671092@inet_out.mail.aol.com.1>
Content-type: text/plain; charset=US-ASCII

Dear Ms. Ganier,

A couple more items that you should be aware of:

1. I do not make false threats
2. The longer you leave our manual up the more fines you will have to pay.
3. You will have to pay our attorney's fee's as well

From: Self <PJ>
To: JoniDourif@aol.com
Subject: Re: PSI TECH CRV Copyrighted Manual
Copies to: [PJ's HTML note: Paul Smith, Joe McMoneagle, Ingo Swann, and the cc Joni provided]
Send reply to: palyne@zmatrix.com
Date sent: Sun, 5 Jul 1998 15:35:15

Dear Ms. Dourif,

Please provide me in writing the legal evidence of your claim to owning this
copyright and its superceding the 1986 copyright which is a part of the original
document. I have seen that copyright page and it does not mention Psi-Tech
anywhere. This is not surprising since Psi-Tech did not exist when the
document was created.

Of the six copies of the document I have, the one with a Psi-Tech cover and a
copyright page bears the same copyright page as the original version--which
does not give Psi-Tech any more right to use it than I, I should add, and in fact
brings into question Psi-Tech's own right to utilize the manual in return for
financial gain when they do not appear to own it.

The manual was written by Mr. Paul H. Smith (and to a lesser degree
apparently, Mr. Joseph McMoneagle), paid for by the Dept. of Defense,
copyrighted to Mr. Ingo Swann (who gave permission, albeit verbal only) and
credited to SRI-International -- all this in 1986.

If you can provide documents evidencing the copyright transfer to Psi-Tech of
this document from the legal owner, which I assume from the original creation
document's copyright page would be the Dept. of Defense or Mr. Ingo Swann, I
would be more than happy to take it off my web site.

I take legal matters very seriously and have no wish to violate any law, nor do
I wish to trod on the ownership of anything which is rightfully yours. I simply
do not see that you have a legal right to claim it as your own. Having talked
with others present for, or participant in, the creation of the document, they do
not really see this either. So I think I will wait until you provide such evidence
to respond.

You can send these documents to me via overnight mail at:

PO Box 1539
Boyd TX 76023

And as soon as I receive them I will retract all publicly posted items from my
public web site.

PJ Gaenir
pj@zmatrix.com

[last update: 7:20am 06 July 1998]


                       Back to Firedocs Entrance
                   Back to the CRV Manual Entrance

